Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: as we begin
Timothy Sackton: on the plains of Dunmar
Timothy Sackton: the night after finally getting the sky ship. then just are not repaired. as it as Seeker attempted to
Timothy Sackton: bring it lurchingly into the sky. Prior to having spent the time
Timothy Sackton: properly practicing with with how to
Timothy Sackton: control this massive block of stone.
Timothy Sackton: You are awakened by the sound of how
Timothy Sackton: in the distance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a few 100 feet away. By the way, there, there, there's no music.
Timothy Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: I forgot to share.
Timothy Sackton: You are awakened by the sounds of Howells. a
Timothy Sackton: some 100 feet
Timothy Sackton: 200 feet in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker having.
Timothy Sackton: or well be having shaken you all awake and
Timothy Sackton: seeker. Having attempted to bring the ship
Timothy Sackton: lurchingly into the sky, and it tipping slightly on its access.
Timothy Sackton: I'm rolling
Timothy Sackton: as well be
Timothy Sackton: left into the sky. Kenzo and Rizwin granted the power of flight by dell with spell.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker.
Timothy Sackton: I guess, attempting to fly the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sweet. Sorry the ship is off the ground.
Timothy Sackton: It's off the ground by about 15 feet, and it's like a
Eric Rosenbaum: 30 degree angle. Oh, yeah, perfect.
Timothy Sackton: Couldn't ask for a better scenario.
Timothy Sackton: and you all are flying
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: rizwin Kenzo. and well, we are all flying.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have a role 20 map already here.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Timothy Sackton: but there's no light, so some of you can't see anything.
Timothy Sackton: and the noise is coming from off in this distance, far away.
Timothy Sackton: And with that, as you all charge into the battle, Taoist splits off to fight some other bad guys over here.
Timothy Sackton: Why, don't you? Well, listen
Eric Rosenbaum: in in which direction
Timothy Sackton: they are like in this direction over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can see the map supposed to be totally black.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, because it is the middle of night.
Timothy Sackton: This direction up
Timothy Sackton: is the direction there the bad guys are in. Okay, that would. Well, out of range of your site.
Eric Rosenbaum: and Dallas is in the map is huge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will the 18.
Timothy Sackton: Why are there? Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry i'm launching it to be on it.
Timothy Sackton: and Seeker is
Timothy Sackton: seeker is at the moment concentrating on trying to control the ship
Eric Rosenbaum: right
Eric Rosenbaum: so 20. That means I can't use concentration spells. Is that right? Unless you unless you stop concentrating on the ship, which means it doesn't
Timothy Sackton: it doesn't mean that it will crash it just floats kind of listlessly
Timothy Sackton: drifting in the air. If there's wind it won't crash unless you die.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Kenza, you are.
Timothy Sackton: You get the job on everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I kind of missed like what we're like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wellby and I flew ahead. And what are we looking at, or what are we fighting
Eric Rosenbaum: some howling creatures.
Timothy Sackton: the the shadow hunters who had been tracking. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Can I see them anywhere?
Timothy Sackton: It pitch black? It's the middle of the night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I try to sense their auras.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could hear them. There are like a few. They're like 100 feet or so up like
Timothy Sackton: like in in this direction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on! I don't see us on the map.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you you at the moment probably can't see anything because it's pitch black.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just trying to zoom out to even see the tokens. Okay, I see my token. Okay. So sorry. Sorry the sounds are like, oh, I see. There, there.
Timothy Sackton: They're like in this direction up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like I'm flying. They're higher. They're in the air. No, no.
Timothy Sackton: Up on the map. Okay. Okay. In this direction here, like north or whatever. Yeah, North? Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And your fly speed is 60 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, do you think I should be reckless and just like, fly right into them or like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there isn't any wire.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, you. You draw them out and turn on your Drift Club, and then, as they're attacking you, I'll shoot them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will. I will. I will. Okay, and i'll. I'll pick you guys up when you're done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I will. I will get closer and turn my drift lob on. I'll throw up actually. I'll take My! But your globe and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the drift globe can be manipulated just by like thinking about it right. I don't have to like You need it physically. It
Timothy Sackton: You have to carry it but once it once it you put it somewhere, it stays there unless it's more than 60 feet away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in which case it follows you. Okay, only she gets to follow me. Okay. I will. Yeah, I will get closer to the sounds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Am I close enough to like actually, get? Get get close to the nearest sound?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, they're probably like a 100 feet away from you or something, so I can all mean it. This turn
Timothy Sackton: you could. You can
Timothy Sackton: use a key to dash. and then you can move 120 feet
Timothy Sackton: you out like there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And now get me to the closest one.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you don't know exactly where they are, but it would get you a lot closer to the sounds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I get too close, aren't They i'm just gonna attack me, and then
UU Church of Boulder: well, but you're flying, I mean, presumably
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we could turn on the drift globes and just like, do a slide by right? Oh, that's actually a good idea. Yeah, so that's a good point. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, I won't Dash. I will, I will, I will get close, and then get above, and then drop and then throw my gift, drift down 60 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so i'll say 60 feet above them, and then drop the drill down to where the sounds are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and i'll fly. I I love this out. Yeah, so okay.
Timothy Sackton: so you can get to like here Ash.
Timothy Sackton: You're not super high up. You're probably more like 40 feet up, because
Timothy Sackton: the airship wasn't that high off the ground. But let's see where his kids does drift. Globe.
Timothy Sackton: You drop. Drop the glyph grobe right there, roughly
Timothy Sackton: I put it right there.
and you see
Timothy Sackton: a large.
Timothy Sackton: wolf-like creature.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and a few smaller ones. Oh, boy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think 60 feet up above. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So they can't attack me. That's the you don't think
Timothy Sackton: unable unless they can fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not even that one, because i'm so handsome
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: from
Timothy Sackton: from the
Timothy Sackton: back here
Timothy Sackton: this shadowy demon-likely J. Unfurl's wings and leaps into the air.
Timothy Sackton: flying about 40 feet straight up to get out of the light.
Timothy Sackton: or 30 feet straight up to get out of the light.
Timothy Sackton: and then is going to dash
Timothy Sackton: one.
Timothy Sackton: 2 3 4,
Timothy Sackton: 6 to there, but it's still like 30 feet below Kenzel.
Timothy Sackton: and then this dog
Timothy Sackton: is going to race
Timothy Sackton: 1 2 3 4,
Timothy Sackton: and as it gets out of the light it vanishes.
Timothy Sackton: and you cannot see where it is.
Timothy Sackton: And now seekers up
Eric Rosenbaum: a
Eric Rosenbaum: haven't really figured out. You know we don't know
Eric Rosenbaum: how you tactically use our giant flying stone ship in battle, yet so it's like I want to be end on to the action or sideways to it. Different types of ships, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to just try to
Eric Rosenbaum: get it upright.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're kind of level 3 level
Eric Rosenbaum: and then
Eric Rosenbaum: start turning it. So i'm facing the north on the map.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make an intelligence jacket.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it just
Eric Rosenbaum: learning which is like just thrown in on the deep end on the steering practice here. Intelligence Check.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: 25 natural 20.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. You managed to think. I'm getting hanging the ship.
Kate: You're in that. Get it up
Timothy Sackton: a little bit above
Timothy Sackton: ris when and well be.
Timothy Sackton: and you manage to spin it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, this is great! Look at that!
Eric Rosenbaum: It
Timothy Sackton: it's kind of awkward to spin.
Eric Rosenbaum: probably in real life, too. Yeah, it's a slow process.
Eric Rosenbaum: or is it? You know
Timothy Sackton: It spins about
Timothy Sackton: about like to here, i'll say.
Timothy Sackton: and then about like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing!
Timothy Sackton: And you're you were sort of like back here.
Timothy Sackton: so it it's fit, but it's high. You've got it high up now. It's maybe 80 or 100 feet up and level.
Timothy Sackton: so resident and wellbe are beneath the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting. I have no way of knowing
Eric Rosenbaum: where they are, because I can't see them.
Timothy Sackton: No, remember when you're attuned to the phasing stone, you can proceed from any spot on the ship
Eric Rosenbaum: that's awesome. I forgot about that I could just see all around it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have this ship sensorium.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I take other actions while flying the ship?
Timothy Sackton: You know I never really thought about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if we run it as like being like a ongoing concentration spell that would mean I could also do a
Timothy Sackton: something else about this. Actually, I would say, for now let's say it takes either your action or your bonus action. You can choose which on your turn to to move the ship.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't take any action to
Timothy Sackton: to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: however.
Timothy Sackton: however exactly so basically on on
Timothy Sackton: on turns. When you move the ship you can use a bonus action or an action, but not both.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the action for purposes spell casting just can't be a concentration spell.
Timothy Sackton: If you cast a concentration spell, you lose concentration on the ship, and you
Eric Rosenbaum: right then.
Timothy Sackton: you know, float in the air.
Timothy Sackton: and you have to take another action to refocus on the ship, to get it to move
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? That takes on entire action. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: it's basically like casting a spell. It takes an action. But then, once you're concentrating on it, it doesn't. You can do other stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I could cast, for instance, my psychic lance.
Eric Rosenbaum: because I can see the bad guys, and they are within range of that is that true?
Timothy Sackton: The spell still comes from you.
Timothy Sackton: So so they're just out of range. Actually that they're a little bit out of range. You're gonna have to make a sh If you make the ship charge forward Next turned.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: her
Eric Rosenbaum: I will. But I I could. I could activate the latter right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's a bonus action.
Eric Rosenbaum: perfect, All right, animating performance.
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter springs to life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, how awesome is that one of our best fighters is a fucking, animated ladder. It's like the I'm really going to make a proper token for the latter at some point.
Eric Rosenbaum: By the way, I think the latter
Eric Rosenbaum: the latter might be engaged in melee duty on board the ship itself, so will not be diving out into the fray.
Eric Rosenbaum: Things are in. It is off the ship.
Timothy Sackton: so the latter, I mean the latter was like stored somewhere. But let's say it's within range of you, so that
Eric Rosenbaum: right it can fly up on deck.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so it's gonna it's gonna be like right there, roughly. But on on deck, where it's, viz. Women will be our below. But underneath.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. sorry. Where did you put it
Timothy Sackton: right there?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't see where you are in that. Are you guys on the map? I only see myself and the
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah, because you use it. Yeah, there's no light. It's dark.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh, oh, I see. We have different views. You guys are seeing another. I can. Oh, that's so cool. Okay, my, that's I'm good on my turn.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Resolution.
Timothy Sackton: So you've got a 60 foot fly speed.
Kate: all right. Well, i'll head towards the bad guys 60 feet, then, I suppose.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So i'll put you like right
Kate: there, roughly. Sure. Would you put me there?
Kate: And then that means that i'm
Kate: exactly 60 feet from that guy. Huh?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Kate: Nice, all right.
Kate: Well.
Kate: I don't feel that this darkness is doing us any favors. So I will say, a. Well, let's see. I wish the people would just nice to line up, but i'll just.
Kate: and the bad guys are just nice to line up, but they're not really
Kate: going to cooperate in that way, so i'll just go after the
Kate: who I perceive as the head one with the big wings.
Kate: So I will say a
Kate: we'll save a prayer for light.
Kate: and I will
Eric Rosenbaum: yes.
Kate: is See, I hit cast, and it is that like a
Kate: I don't know you. Does it? How do I know if it hits or it? It's a saving throw
Timothy Sackton: which fails
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice?
Timothy Sackton: So this blast of sun strikes
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: strikes this this demon
Timothy Sackton: on its chest, and everything wings on. Furl slightly for a moment, and it staggers back
Timothy Sackton: as well be
Timothy Sackton: leaps into action. So that's concentration. So you can do that every turn
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: great does the field change now, can we see more stuff because of the son?
Timothy Sackton: It's just it. Doesn't.
Kate: Yeah. I cast a 30 foot glow from me, and it says
Kate: further, You cast them in like Newcast.
Timothy Sackton: I will make you cast light. Okay.
Kate: 30 feet of frightened another 30 feet of dim.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, now you see more.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, she was scared.
UU Church of Boulder: Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: That asks so cool.
UU Church of Boulder: Am I up?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you're up
UU Church of Boulder: so i'll
UU Church of Boulder: move. And then also use my cutting action to move. So that's 80, more or less.
UU Church of Boulder: and then i'll activate my drift globe.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: So we've got a little bit more light.
Timothy Sackton: and then I
UU Church of Boulder: let's see. Yeah, I'll take a shot, and there is not. That's not with him. Those 2 are not within 5 feet of each other.
Timothy Sackton: No, Kenza is still 20 feet above it.
UU Church of Boulder: That's okay. I will just shoot anyways.
Timothy Sackton: So what all these arrow flies
UU Church of Boulder: oops that?
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And hats. But No, it's me it deck.
UU Church of Boulder: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but I stick it back
UU Church of Boulder: because I I didn't have any. It wasn't, an ally with him 5 feet. I didn't have advantage on the role. Basically
Timothy Sackton: right?
Timothy Sackton: So next is
Timothy Sackton: these dogs
Timothy Sackton: scatter away from the lights. and as they do also vanish.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, Mary.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that
Timothy Sackton: and then that as the dogs disappear.
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: let's use anybody.
Timothy Sackton: This
Timothy Sackton: shadow hunter casts waves and arms and cats, and spell on this like dark, creeping ice begins to close over him.
Timothy Sackton: and then he
Timothy Sackton: steps forward.
Timothy Sackton: Why, and
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet, so that he's close under Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: and launches
Timothy Sackton: in quick succession
Timothy Sackton: 2 spears. one of which you dodge out of the way of, but the second hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: more than 15 damage. A
Timothy Sackton: for
Timothy Sackton: what?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Total of 28 damage? Well, it's funny because I catch it, and I try to throw it back at him.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: how do I?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do I do that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: deflect missiles
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: overall? It's like. Yeah, Wendy 10 plus your monk level or something like that. Hold on, hold on! And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, the damage you take in the attack is reduced by one we do 10, plus your dexterity modifier plus your monk level.
Timothy Sackton: Very well. Roll one to 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. So my decks modifiers plus 9 am. And levels 11, right? So that's plus 20.
Timothy Sackton: Your decks monitor has plus 5, so it's plus 16
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: plus 16 effect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker is seeing this from just a few feet away, because I have the perspective of the nose of the ship
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly
Timothy Sackton: nice. Oh, nice! You reduce the damage to 0.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is. But then can I throw it back at him. Now you can spend the key to throw it back in. Oh, yeah, yes. If you reduce the the damage, you can
Timothy Sackton: so make an attack
UU Church of Boulder: that is so awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Being a monk is fun, all right. So it is this: what kind of attack? Just like a
Timothy Sackton: just treat it like an unarmed strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 17,
Timothy Sackton: 17.
Timothy Sackton: Just hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much damage did I do?
Timothy Sackton: Just like an unarmed strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13?
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the this cracks around him.
Timothy Sackton: He takes no actual damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's
Kate: He made himself an ice shield.
UU Church of Boulder: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bastard.
Timothy Sackton: and that will end his turn.
Timothy Sackton: It's not your term
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like my turn.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I am going to fuck him up. Well, actually, first I'm going to soulsite him.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are his? What are his weaknesses? What it is? A high and low ability. Of course.
Timothy Sackton: his highest ability is
Timothy Sackton: the charisma. His lowest is
Timothy Sackton: strength, wisdom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the one that I have that does a wisdom say it is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which one of my attacks is a wisdom save attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sorry
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which one is it that one's a con saving throw. I'm Sorry, guys, it's like a frightening strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Frightening strike. That sounds. That sounds
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that sounds like the one. Okay, I I will do that. But i'm going to talk first with my staff. Okay. So you're gonna dive down
Timothy Sackton: towards the ground towards his, towards him. 15 misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I could be inspired right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, inspiration! Oh, you could be. That's true. Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I send you Rennick. Inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 8?
Timothy Sackton: So that hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: amazing. And it does
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 11 damage. And can I do the frightening strike.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, but as your staff hits him. the ice runs up the shaft of your staff and freezes your hand and you take 25 points of cold damage.
Timothy Sackton: and more ice is chipped away. Actually, then
Timothy Sackton: the thunder blast of secrets! Rune exploding! Seems to chip the rest of the ice off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to attack him again. I think so. I can do any damage.
Timothy Sackton: You chipped away at this ice shield.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I will attack again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A.
You?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I I what the hell! I'll do it again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 26
Timothy Sackton: pad it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13 image
Timothy Sackton: definitely Looks wounded this time as your staff. The ice shield seems to be chipped away
Timothy Sackton: as your staff
Timothy Sackton: strikes him.
Timothy Sackton: It sort of dodges slightly out of the way, glancing blow. But still you make solid contact.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I'm going to use fighting. Strike!
Timothy Sackton: He turns as you attempt to reach into his mind, and
Timothy Sackton: right in him he just turns, and he smiles at you. and you can sense as you attempt this ability. He is immune to fear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There! Well, he's not immune to my fist, so i'm going to hit him one more time. I've been on Armstrong not immune to your fists
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't that misses grit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll use another key and do another floor of those. If you want one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not all this key, why not use it? 20
Eric Rosenbaum: got it? Whoa!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 9 more damage!
Timothy Sackton: So last strike flies into him as
Timothy Sackton: this demon. Now, seeing you attack.
Timothy Sackton: Seeing you corner, this hunter
Timothy Sackton: dives down towards you.
Timothy Sackton: staying in the air just above you.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: takes a swing with its claws.
Timothy Sackton: Does the 17
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18 harbour glass.
Timothy Sackton: So first first swing with his claws, misses, he takes a second swing
Timothy Sackton: 21
Timothy Sackton: so splashes you for 12 points of psychic damage as a clause rake across your mind.
Timothy Sackton: and that ends his turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My self-esteem has been wounded.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, not sure
Timothy Sackton: what's happening with these dogs?
Timothy Sackton: Seeker you're up
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: well, yeah, I'm going to order the
Eric Rosenbaum: the latter
Eric Rosenbaum: to.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the the dogs just kind of disappeared. They could be anywhere. They vanished into the darkness and try and visible. The latter is going to sort of keep in a close orbit around me.
Eric Rosenbaum: prepared to attack anything that comes near me.
Timothy Sackton: Our guy
Eric Rosenbaum: smart
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: ladder on guard duty.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to release the my concentration on flying the ship because I don't really need to move it anywhere.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: right now, or there's no benefit to like. Can't like attack the demon by ramming it with a ship or something. I I mean, I guess you could try.
Eric Rosenbaum: I Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean everybody else is in the path of a ship, too. So that's
Eric Rosenbaum: seems like it might be a a bad idea. and
Eric Rosenbaum: all right. Well, then, i'll try to get in range with
Eric Rosenbaum: like a glance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: although actually I have a question to him, it's imposing
Eric Rosenbaum: as I get to learn about the phasing stone and its mechanism of operation. I wanted to try to do something with the ship other than the obvious
Eric Rosenbaum: sort of maneuvering of the ship itself. Yep. for example, I wanted to just like throw all of my concentration into making the ship emit
Eric Rosenbaum: hugely glowing bright light in all directions.
Eric Rosenbaum: or
Eric Rosenbaum: cover it with a shield of ice like I just saw the demon there.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: it doesn't really work like
Timothy Sackton: the it's not a
Kate: it's like you could try. But so so here's the problem. You might be able to do that.
Timothy Sackton: But if the facing stone is not powering
Timothy Sackton: the ability of the ship to fly
Eric Rosenbaum: only when it's parked. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So so if it's parked, possibly you can attempt at
Eric Rosenbaum: so I can. I can walk
Eric Rosenbaum: forward on deck to like
Eric Rosenbaum: up here.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: or so. We don't actually have a tree on the ship yet, do we?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, a little garden?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a little. It's it's just a it's just a it's just Earth
Eric Rosenbaum: set out for the tree. Okay, okay. And the latter's going to come with me. because that's his instruction. Yeah, a lot of it. Does the letter have a name? By the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's an important question that we should resolve
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right.
Timothy Sackton: This is heroic ladder. V: 2 right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right it. It just hit me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: laddie.
Eric Rosenbaum: laddie, a little, too. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: okay, laddie. and so I will cast a second glance
Eric Rosenbaum: at.
Eric Rosenbaum: or the
Eric Rosenbaum: the Demon. Yeah. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Intelligence.
Timothy Sackton: Nope. That fails
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Timothy Sackton: So the demon looks around confused as it staggers back it doesn't it have some additional effect. and it fails it save
Eric Rosenbaum: incapacitated until the start of the next turn.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as the As this land strikes the demon, it it turns and it just freezes and plays, stunned momentarily by this blast of mental energy from seeker.
Timothy Sackton: and that will end your turn as it is now risen stern.
Eric Rosenbaum: I still would cast that at the highest level. But I guess that's what it is, so i'll keep that.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have to. You can cast it at Fourth Level if you want it'll just do slightly less damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, I'll keep it that way.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Kate: i'm going to move just like
Kate: I moved me right. I can.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can move you
Kate: over here so that I can see them well and be a little bit closer. But still be
Kate: you know what?
Kate: Yeah.
Kate: So then i'm gonna
Kate: send my beam of light in the direction of those 2.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So Constitution save
Timothy Sackton: constitution, save
Timothy Sackton: what is it? What's the DC: it's 17.
Timothy Sackton: The shadow hunter makes the say, if the demon fails
Kate: All right.
Kate: So it's
Timothy Sackton: another 68 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 68
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 6 d 8 yeah, not 68, 68 okay, does 68 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you! What is that? It's nasty sunbeam. It's a six-level spell it's very nasty
Timothy Sackton: with another 27 points of damage this demon incapacitated stunned unable to get out of the way.
Timothy Sackton: blasts apart in a
Timothy Sackton: flash of smoke as the sunbeam hits it for the second time.
Timothy Sackton: The shadow hunter, however, makes it save it only takes What is that?
Kate: 13 points again, and surely.
Timothy Sackton: and that ends. Rizmond's turn as well be
Timothy Sackton: takes AIM.
UU Church of Boulder: But the Shadow Hunter right who is in melee
Timothy Sackton: in melee with Kenzo
UU Church of Boulder: awesome.
UU Church of Boulder: I will use the clockwork amulet to roll in 18 to hit
Timothy Sackton: that it
Eric Rosenbaum: oxygen.
Timothy Sackton: So 30 3 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Shadow Hunter staggers back slightly
Timothy Sackton: at
Timothy Sackton: Oops
Timothy Sackton: definitely wounded.
UU Church of Boulder: and i'm moving just to go. If if you'll move the drift with me to go looking for other.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we's not the invisible dogs
Timothy Sackton: meanwhile
Timothy Sackton: bursting up out of the floor
Eric Rosenbaum: of the ship. No, no, no, no, no!
UU Church of Boulder: Well, Laddie had to be. Laddie was always going to was destined for gradients. Oh, man
Timothy Sackton: for
Timothy Sackton: shadow dogs!
UU Church of Boulder: Bobby, where are you again? Are you flying? Wellby?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: I can get back to secret next round to support you. But okay.
Timothy Sackton: and that is a
Timothy Sackton: 10
Timothy Sackton: that misses a 19,
Timothy Sackton: a 24, and a 19
Timothy Sackton: make a strength saving. Throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Eric Rosenbaum: just. The latter is like what that movie like about taking the bullet for the present.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I make a that's a total of
Timothy Sackton: 25 points of piercing damage and make a strength saving throw
Eric Rosenbaum: at 25
Eric Rosenbaum: strengths saving through. I have really good strength just getting
Timothy Sackton: huh?
Timothy Sackton: And you make another make a second string
Timothy Sackton: because 3 of them hit you. Actually, you have to make 3 strings. And so it seemed, you felt Whoa! Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Amazing Seeker withstands the first 2 body bliss as 2 of these dogs leap at him.
Timothy Sackton: Folding his ground, he got this.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, he fights it off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that we install the
Timothy Sackton: the power of the stone of the ship being channeled through him cannot be knocked down and dragged
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really quickly about. How the hell did the dogs get on the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Obviously they can fly and turn ethereal and pass through solid objects. Yeah, they're shadow dogs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They emerge from the floor.
Now, where was the latter. In all this
Timothy Sackton: the latter is right next to you, but as far as they know it's just a ladder they have. They like
Timothy Sackton: Haven't seen it do it. I mean it's animated, but they're not super smart.
Eric Rosenbaum: so it it doesn't get
Eric Rosenbaum: like I I tried to phrase the command to it to protect me from anything attacking, but it Doesn't: oh, okay, it can. Yeah, it can make it can make an attack
Timothy Sackton: like ready and attack. If something comes to the Earth seeker. That was my intention. Yeah, yeah, it can definitely make an attack
Timothy Sackton: after the dogs attack the shadow, the ladder retaliates. Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I have to pull up. It's
Eric Rosenbaum: thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is this ladder a rope ladder, or what? What's it made out of this ladder?
Timothy Sackton: That's rope.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what we did like make a ladder out of knives.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know right
Timothy Sackton: well. but you don't really want it to be made out of nige or fire, because it's also really nice to ride on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stone. I think a stone ladder would be great
Eric Rosenbaum: little heavy, though, to carry around.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean
Timothy Sackton: that's what the part of a whole is, for
Timothy Sackton: I mean really, what you need is a fighting mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it has
Eric Rosenbaum: force and powered with a fighting mirror. Wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Force empowered. Slam
Eric Rosenbaum: your spell, attack Modifier to hit. All right. Okay. So I just do my spell attack thing.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, just do your spell attack, and it's Wendy 10 plus 4 damage. Yes, that heads
Eric Rosenbaum: 2010, plus
or
Timothy Sackton: nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, strong
Timothy Sackton: letters Haven't. So the latter bach is one of them
Timothy Sackton: new staggers, definitely
Timothy Sackton: definitely wounded.
Timothy Sackton: and which and now the shadow understanding Mr. Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: is going to.
Timothy Sackton: He's going to make a
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: he's gonna
Timothy Sackton: Okay. He's going to make a spear attack.
Timothy Sackton: Just stabbing at you first is an 18; second is a 26,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: damn.
Timothy Sackton: So that is
Timothy Sackton: 38,
Timothy Sackton: plus
Timothy Sackton: 26 is like 40.
UU Church of Boulder: These.
Timothy Sackton: that's
Timothy Sackton: 70 points and 70 points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm dead. That that kills me
Eric Rosenbaum: makes me 0 advice
Timothy Sackton: to spare Tax
Timothy Sackton: Knox Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: down, falling unconscious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then he will beish me
Timothy Sackton: turn to
Timothy Sackton: well be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he can do more shit. He's already fucking attacked twice. What else you gonna do? Bonus action something
Timothy Sackton: He can also cast a spell.
Timothy Sackton: and as he turns to you, well be make a constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: You feel this wave of necrotic energy.
draining moisture and vitality wash over you.
Timothy Sackton: and you take
Timothy Sackton: 43 points of necrotic damage
Timothy Sackton: as he grabs Kenza's body and begins
Timothy Sackton: running away
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the fuck you about there? Oh, no, oh, no! And that ends his turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How fast is the ship, and so
Eric Rosenbaum: make a gas saving throw?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. How does that work?
Timothy Sackton: Well, d 20
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bye
Timothy Sackton: you succeed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, this is terrifying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Greatest win
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: save me.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And where to deal with go what's going on? Everybody
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude. It did 70 damage. I have 69 fucking hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's Brill.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many points here will be
UU Church of Boulder: 80,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The giant dog appears right next to rizwin
Timothy Sackton: great, I guess. Actually. Oh, no, you're actually No, it's sorry I forgot you shed light.
Timothy Sackton: It does not like white.
Timothy Sackton: A. Where can it go? That's safe.
Timothy Sackton: Can't reach. We'll be shutting late, too. It's. It's not. It's actually
Timothy Sackton: still invisible, hanging back in the darkness. So it doesn't like all this light over here. Too much light bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're we're in great shape here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, seeker
UU Church of Boulder: that took a quick turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, these shadow hunters are nasty. So i'm surrounded by these dogs.
Timothy Sackton: We are surrounded by these dogs.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think my best area effect thing is slow, but that's a concentrations bell.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you're no longer concentrating on anything right? Right? I did release the oh, right. I'd released the concentration on the ship already.
Eric Rosenbaum: Even the last turn I didn't actually need to because of the spell it cast. But anyway, I would do that. I would be slow now.
Timothy Sackton: right? I mean don't forget the possibility of polymorphizing yourself into a T. Rex.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know. I never think of that, Tim, that's interesting
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude. You can polymark yourself into any bay that's crazy.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we have been. We have played with that. I don't usually do that, though
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, this does seem like a a reasonable time to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: all right and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like into a literal T. Rex.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Or a giant ape
Eric Rosenbaum: for super crab and
Timothy Sackton: super crab.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I think, just for pummeling things, the giant ape is stronger than super crab.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a question, Jimmy.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Investigate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, like the abominable Yeti.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. I was as about to suggest that that exact thing.
Timothy Sackton: I just use the giant ape stats, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. So seeker
Eric Rosenbaum: forecast polymorph
Eric Rosenbaum: and becomes a gigantic
Eric Rosenbaum: snow creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: There I am. Oh, man!
Kate: And
Eric Rosenbaum: and then can I attack on this turn? No, because that's your action to polymorph?
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, then.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then, as an actor can attack
Eric Rosenbaum: right. The latter attacks
Eric Rosenbaum: spell tech
Eric Rosenbaum: It rolled a 12
about 12 hits
Eric Rosenbaum: Same wanted attack before I assume. Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's one day 10 plus 4.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: weird. No.
Timothy Sackton: it's looking pretty hurt. It's almost at this thing, this one that the latter's been attacking
Timothy Sackton: resolution.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Save me rizwin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God!
Kate: All right. Well. sorry I didn't get closer sooner, although
Kate: yeah, it's Monday morning quarter backing.
Kate: i'll just head off in the direction as I can go 60 feet, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you can also dash right. Oh, but you already close enough. Oh, you can be. Can't right at something 60 feet nice
Timothy Sackton: you are. Well, you're You're in the air so you can't quite get next to
Timothy Sackton: You can get to like here. But you're up in this up in the air still
Kate: right, but at least I can keep him from being too far from all of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But can't you, Can you heal me from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you have to touch me.
Kate: Yeah, I do have to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in you. Dash
UU Church of Boulder: it, can't heal if if you use the action to dash, wouldn't be able to guess the spell. Then you can't cast the spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can keep, dash, and then use the use the healing mud, or like another peeling
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: modality
Kate: still in action. It's still an action.
Timothy Sackton: That's why healing word is so good is because it's a bonus section
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we have dealing with? We have healing word
Timothy Sackton: Resident Doesn't.
Kate: Yeah, I do.
Timothy Sackton: You do. Okay? Then you can use that fuck. Yes, thank the Lords.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim.
UU Church of Boulder: I love you waking up in this thing's arm. It's kind
Eric Rosenbaum: like No.
Kate: all right, so I get. I dashed so that I get there right. That's the thing
Kate: the night cast healing word
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you on a
Timothy Sackton: No, you don't have to dash because
Kate: I don't have to touch for, because it's 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what the range is. It should be on your character. She it says, 60 feet. Okay. So yeah, you don't need to be. You're fine. 60 feet away.
Kate: Gas dealing word, all right.
Kate: He's a I'm going to cast it as a Fourth Level.
Kate: He's dead and stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Gods give you 15 hit points
Eric Rosenbaum: all right. I'll take that amazing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my life.
Timothy Sackton: So you still have your action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, and fuck that thing up while you're while you're here.
Kate: Yeah. Well, i'm here.
Kate: And yeah, that's not concentration or it's not being
Kate: sunbeam. so
Kate: does it make it through.
Timothy Sackton: It made it save again.
Kate: Still, take me.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it still takes damage.
Kate: I know.
Kate: with only 11.
Kate: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's looking pretty bad at this this point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does it drop me?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, now?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no.
Timothy Sackton: no, definitely not. It does not drop you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
Timothy Sackton: wellby you're off.
UU Church of Boulder: I feel like they. I I feel like the kins of situation is under control. Is there any light at all like? Can I see seeker? Can I see you at all?
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably not. No, there's no
Eric Rosenbaum: no, I
UU Church of Boulder: all right.
UU Church of Boulder: 30,
Timothy Sackton: I mean. You can flat. You know where he is. You can fly in that direction to to your truck globe.
Eric Rosenbaum: and and you can hear the
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. And here are the growls of the Yeti.
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet ahead
Timothy Sackton: to leg. There
Timothy Sackton: ish. you see, just looming in the shadows this
Timothy Sackton: a massive yeti form standing around these
Timothy Sackton: that
Eric Rosenbaum: a massive yet he was little purple goggles on his secret. Watch out! They have a yeti.
UU Church of Boulder: Are any of that or that hound? Are they in the range?
Timothy Sackton: I mean there.
Timothy Sackton: 90 feet away. so disadvantage. But
Eric Rosenbaum: you also see a heroic ladder.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, maybe i'll shoot this guy instead.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that's kenza that you're she there.
Timothy Sackton: plus you're like you're like 60 feet up. So that's that's further right. This is. But they're about the same distance.
Timothy Sackton: Either one is disadvantaged
UU Church of Boulder: one.
UU Church of Boulder: Just
Timothy Sackton: it's. Yeah, whoever you're shooting is a disadvantage
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet up in the air. So you're shooting down so that makes it bigger than just the straight.
Timothy Sackton: How
Timothy Sackton: well these credit is that he
Timothy Sackton: for it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Who? Oh, there is
Timothy Sackton: There he is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Swartz left the ship. and there is
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Works is just one with the force. Now
here, let me try. I'm gonna try stopping the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no, sh first is just actually not there. No, he's just black.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Source is like taking this cost play to the next level.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's night time, so
Kate: we can't see him.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? Well, we'll come back to what i'll be in in a minute.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, well, actually it kind of matters, because you might kill something.
Kate: We hope so.
Kate: If it first you don't succeed, turn everything off and on again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If that was true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's him in the initiative order. Do I go next before that dude that killed me? No, he goes before you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: talking about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't like that. Then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how many more times Can you cast feeling a word with them
Kate: of
Kate: at least I mean quite a few like
Kate: you can just use it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you. Okay, all right, but I I feel fine because you can do that same spell, because he's probably gonna kill me again. I only 15 new points left, so i'm i'm likely to die. Yes, sorry about that role. But no, no, no, it's not that it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Trust me, you do not know how grateful I am that you are.
Timothy Sackton: so we'll be at a disadvantage on either
Timothy Sackton: either target, because you're 60 feet in the air, and they're on the ground
UU Church of Boulder: all right. Fine. Here's the second attack roll
Timothy Sackton: so still hats.
Timothy Sackton: No. A sneak attack because you have disadvantage
Eric Rosenbaum: that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: now
Eric Rosenbaum: he he somehow knew it was about to happen, he said. God damn it! Internet.
Okay? Well, that was while we his attack. So we'll come back to him if there's anything else you want to do on this turn.
Timothy Sackton: And meanwhile.
Timothy Sackton: are you
Timothy Sackton: okay? So that's dim light.
Timothy Sackton: Meanwhile, these 4 shadow massive are now going to attack the Yadi.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, let me find that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, giant ape has a 12 a/C
Timothy Sackton: and 157 hit points. So the first one misses
Timothy Sackton: second. One hits
Timothy Sackton: pets. misses. So you need to make that.
Timothy Sackton: Eric. You need to make 2 concentration saving turns for seeker. So DC: 10 con saves
it's
Eric Rosenbaum: 2 of them. Okay. So here's one Whoa: I rolled a 10. Does that succeed?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that succeeds? Okay, let's do that again. That succeeds. Okay. So the yeti takes
Timothy Sackton: 20 points of damage from its 157 hit points
Timothy Sackton: barely even feels that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: that ends their turns.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
UU Church of Boulder: my, my internet's been super unreliable. So I I missed it. Did you get the second roll, though? Is that
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that had but you don't get sneak attack because you had disadvantaged. So I just took the 10 piercing.
UU Church of Boulder: even though an allies within 5 feet disadvantage overrul that
Timothy Sackton: disadvantage. If you have disadvantaged on the attack row, you you can never, you cannot have sneak attack, no matter what else.
UU Church of Boulder: Got it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the Shadow hunter is going to
Timothy Sackton: look up at rizwin
Timothy Sackton: snarl
Timothy Sackton: looking down at kens, though, and say he's mine and cast here.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have to make a wisdom saving to grow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: information.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, can I do that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we can. She can roll first right
Timothy Sackton: fails.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I inspire her
Timothy Sackton: as a yeti
Timothy Sackton: polymorph? You do not keep any of your class abilities cool, plus. There's a range of 60 feet. So she found outside that
Eric Rosenbaum: right? Because you're no longer attuned to the ship. You cannot see from any position within the ship, I mean. remember.
Timothy Sackton: so resident is rightened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You chose poorly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the first.
Timothy Sackton: and on your turn and headl under control
Timothy Sackton: you must take the dash action and move as far away from
Timothy Sackton: the source of your fear as we can.
Timothy Sackton: If you end your turn in a location where you can't see the creature. you can make another wisdom savings, or to attempt to end the spell.
Timothy Sackton: A man is going to attempt to knock Kenzel out again.
Eric Rosenbaum: The yeah
Timothy Sackton: 11 misses
Timothy Sackton: 24,
Timothy Sackton: that is 38 points of damage. Kenzo is back unconscious, and he is going to
Timothy Sackton: continue to move
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guys guys
Eric Rosenbaum: that
Timothy Sackton: fucking. Well, that will add in the shadow on to his turn, Kenzo, another death saving Turn off.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Timothy Sackton: remember your advantage on death saving throws!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't you have like a mode of fate or something
Timothy Sackton: that's that's one failure you can fail more 2 more times before you actually die. Guys.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: is a moment. You have a motor fit. Go.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the thing that lets you re-roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: but I don't know if it applies to that's saved
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a saving through
Timothy Sackton: melody is in darkness.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it is seeker's turn giant Yaddy pummel.
Timothy Sackton: So plus 9 to hit
Timothy Sackton: and you do 2 attacks
Eric Rosenbaum: right? It's on 2 fist attacks, right? Yeah, so I do. I just to
Eric Rosenbaum: one and 20 plus 9,
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: and 15,
Timothy Sackton: both of those hats. So it's 3D, 10, plus 6 damage for each attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? It size? Okay, 22.
Timothy Sackton: So that kills the wounded one, that the latter was fighting.
Timothy Sackton: and it leaves the second one
Eric Rosenbaum: badly hurt. The latter can attack and make its attack on it. It is smash, and that's
Eric Rosenbaum: spell attack right? Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: 22
Timothy Sackton: that it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: and it was
Timothy Sackton: 20 times 4 12 that kills that one. So the yeti ladder one to you punch combination yet on top of its head ladder just wham
Eric Rosenbaum: the 2 dogs down. What a team
Timothy Sackton: Rizwin is frightened and dashes
Kate: 120 feet away, and then can make a wisdom saving throw.
Kate: Does it have to be 120 feet, or can it just be like up to the ship and hide sort of in
Timothy Sackton: now, because the
Timothy Sackton: the your speed is 60, so dashing is 120 feet.
But why do I have to dash the whole way.
Timothy Sackton: because that's
Timothy Sackton: that's what the spell does. But it said, If I don't see the guy anymore, then I don't have to go the whole far away, way away, right? If you end your turn in a location where you you can't see him.
Timothy Sackton: Then you can make your save.
Kate: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So now you end your turn in a location where you can't see them. You can attempt to save.
Kate: Okay, i'll be.
Kate: That's me. Stop choosing for like what kind of
Timothy Sackton: wisdom saving town?
Kate: Not a tube.
Timothy Sackton: So the spell ends. You are no longer frightened.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice!
Kate: That was a waste of time.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: but that that brings us to. Well be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well be
Eric Rosenbaum: save the day save the day.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, All right.
UU Church of Boulder: Well.
UU Church of Boulder: yeah, that's what i'll do. So i'll. I'll.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll move.
UU Church of Boulder: and i'll use my cutting action to move.
so I want to be more or less at their location. But in the air rather than on the ground.
UU Church of Boulder: I'm just going to move myself
UU Church of Boulder: arbitrarily. more or less there.
UU Church of Boulder: and the drift of the doom of the dress above with me.
Timothy Sackton: Right? So where did your just globe go.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, yeah, like.
UU Church of Boulder: Still, it's so. I'm like 20 feet up or something.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, something like that.
And then I will attack him. I will really
UU Church of Boulder: really hope this hits stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: That heads nice.
UU Church of Boulder: That's 29.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo is unconscious. So you don't get sneak attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: But unfortunately he only had 8 hit points left.
Eric Rosenbaum: She is Christ.
Timothy Sackton: so as well be, stands above.
Timothy Sackton: floats above, and draws an arrow and launches it straight into the top of this shadow creature's head.
Timothy Sackton: He just
Timothy Sackton: collapses, and you can see his face turns from this shadowy form
Timothy Sackton: to this tail sort of looking
Timothy Sackton: human male as he collapses.
Timothy Sackton: and the remaining.
Timothy Sackton: Now that the light is gone.
Timothy Sackton: the big dog
Timothy Sackton: appears
so
Timothy Sackton: next to the Yadi.
Eric Rosenbaum: what
Eric Rosenbaum: then?
Timothy Sackton: It's? Nowhere it could show without light, and then the 2 other remaining dogs are going to attack the Yeti.
Timothy Sackton: That one hits that one misses. So you take another 10 points of damage. and another Constitution saving through
Eric Rosenbaum: out the concentration. I mean. Yeah, you know, Constitution saving through
Timothy Sackton: yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: constitution, 0 14 delegates. A:
Timothy Sackton: So a. So that was well, we that was them. Shadow Hunter is dead. Kenzel. Another death saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How fun!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know where their advantage! What's the saving for? What do I have to make
Timothy Sackton: 10 or higher.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jesus, you fail 3. You die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, One success, one failure.
Timothy Sackton: Sharedema's dad. This big dog now is going to pounce on
Timothy Sackton: the Yeti.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yet he's even bigger, though
Timothy Sackton: much bigger. So that's 11 points of damage and another constitution saving. Throw
Eric Rosenbaum: you you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, he's still intact now. Yet he gets to pummel. Amazing!
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems like I should make my 2 attacks both on the big dog. Well, i'll make one, and just try and kill 2 more of the little ones with the latter.
Timothy Sackton: The big one only has one attack. So
Eric Rosenbaum: you
Timothy Sackton: killing.
Timothy Sackton: reducing the numbers is is right. That's the strategy. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I attack one little dog
Eric Rosenbaum: what I do that for
Timothy Sackton: Wendy. 20 plus 9.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, sorry I was. No, that's right. That's that's actually the same, plus You can just use your spell attack
Timothy Sackton: that pets that it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's funny that it was the same.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then roll your damage. Threed 10, plus 6.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There we go.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so 18
Timothy Sackton: boom. One is badly wounded.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then another one.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that kills that one
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Timothy Sackton: So another down. Then the latter moves to attack me, swirling
Timothy Sackton: that of
Timothy Sackton: rope and
Timothy Sackton: slashing that actually just hits. They have a 12 a/C.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, nice! And then
Eric Rosenbaum: what was it? It's too many things. It's it's damage again. It's d 10 plus 4
to.
Timothy Sackton: so that one's wounded.
Timothy Sackton: Rizwin no longer frightened.
UU Church of Boulder: All right, I I I can heal Kenzo of God, killing.
Kate: Okay, if you want to help with the dog
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You've got a dealing with it. I can give you a
Eric Rosenbaum: that's nice. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean. Wait. But how much healing are we talking here? You like at 0 point? The only question is going to be, how much
UU Church of Boulder: it is like a It's like killing word. It's enough to get you back on your feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you still Resman still has sunbeams.
Kate: all right. Well
Kate: of fly to Let's see
Kate: there. sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's going to scare off the big dog.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the big dog doesn't like sunlight, but it's not his turn. He can't run away yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Kate: so can I?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, you can blast them.
Kate: Yep, so i'll just that's what i'll do. I'm. Pointing My sun beam at the big dog.
Timothy Sackton: That Constitution saving thrill fails
Kate: 22.
Timothy Sackton: He is vulnerable to radiant damage. That does 44 points of damage. and that kills them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello, hey?
Kate: He really does not like light.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, okay. So as the sun just bursts for it from riz. When this shadowy dog just
Timothy Sackton: vanishes into pops and smoke. Well be
Timothy Sackton: standing next to the landing next to the unconscious Kenzo.
UU Church of Boulder: I think. since there's no other enemies on the field, left, right.
Timothy Sackton: there's just one of these shadow dogs that
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, we can call it. Then.
Timothy Sackton: All right. Yeah, it's it's done between the yeti and Rizwin Sunbeam. It's not. Yeah, there's
UU Church of Boulder: I'll stabilize tensor then, but not use a
UU Church of Boulder: that just a medicine chair medicine Check. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So
Timothy Sackton: Well-be leans down and just stops the stops.
Timothy Sackton: Basically gives Kenzo field Cpr just stops the you're still unconscious, but you're stable. You're not dying anymore.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Get some. Gives them a quick
Timothy Sackton: at
Timothy Sackton: patch up as rizwin, and the yeti make quick work of the last shadow dog on the deck of the boat.
Timothy Sackton: Then. as silence falls. the ship sort of listing, slightly drifting a little bit in this direction due to the breeze.
Timothy Sackton: You. You look up, and you can see now lit
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo and or Welby
Timothy Sackton: lit in the glow, coming off of rizwin like just this massive white, furred feature just kind of standing.
Timothy Sackton: the the latter flying around its head. But this yet he dwarfs the latter
Timothy Sackton: just kind of looking at the scene.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So wait this like every battle. See here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nick.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's not always actually that useful. It's when you're surrounded in post quarters, and you're
Eric Rosenbaum: a week dwarf. It's actually very, very good.
Eric Rosenbaum: but i'm glad Tim suggested it. I didn't think of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it's not usually the thing that makes the most sense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's pretty awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is.
Timothy Sackton: It's a great like, Save yourself when you're caught
Timothy Sackton: right in May Lee type spell. But yeah, so when the things that you're fighting are like, not spell casting, and that's the first one. Yeah, or when when you're not having to make concentration, check it's a more powerful cast on someone else.
Eric Rosenbaum: All 6.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, you want somebody else.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've used polymorph actually a bunch of times. It's one of my most used spells. Yeah, no. But you can use it on somebody else you can make you can. That's normally what I do. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: Isn't: that is that what you did in the Dragon Tech.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: But wait. Where
Timothy Sackton: didn't you turn the liver into a turtle, and then that Yes, but also when you guys are fighting the dragon on the Cape, you turned
Timothy Sackton: that
Eric Rosenbaum: Volunteer Ranger into a giant crab, a huge giant crowd, and there was something that an enjoyable worm one time.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. But the other thing that's useful about polymorph is like. If, for example, Kenzo is
Timothy Sackton: in the front line and has only 10 hit points left.
Timothy Sackton: Turning them into a giant 8 gives them a whole nother
Eric Rosenbaum: 150 endpoints. Right? That's worth considering.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a polymorph.
Eric Rosenbaum: The range Well, I now have the ability to modify a certain aspects, and so effectively unlimited. If you're willing to risk randomly polymorphing somebody into something else that would be hilarious, I should definitely try that
Eric Rosenbaum: the range is normally 60 feet. But yeah, I can double it, or it quadruple it, and it's fairly safe quadrupling. It gets pretty risky.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! How do you do that with with your with your.
Timothy Sackton: So as
Timothy Sackton: the ship slowly comes to rest, as Seeker returns to his dwarven form.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: somebody want to he me Yet anybody.
UU Church of Boulder: But how long does it take to get?
UU Church of Boulder: I still have 5?
Kate: Yeah. You saw a fly
Kate: so down what reappears after having
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fought some other creatures? Can we first prioritize healing word to Kansas.
Kate: Yeah. May as i'll just do a cure wound. Since you're not.
Timothy Sackton: there's no reason enough to just go touch on and kill them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your My wounds carry my wounds.
Kate: So you're left now. We're not going well today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but I get
Timothy Sackton: 15.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's a that's not a great role for us.
Kate: I keep getting all these ones in my Fourth Level casts.
Timothy Sackton: but you can sleep so
Eric Rosenbaum: right it's gonna be fine.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you're left. Now with this
Timothy Sackton: all of the creatures other than this, this hunter Guy
Timothy Sackton: vanished into shadows, but he seems to be real and solid. and now, lying pale.
Timothy Sackton: looking, you know, bloodshot eyes, the sort of purplish webbing along his fingers and under his fingernails.
Timothy Sackton: looking nothing like he looked a minute ago when you were fighting him
Timothy Sackton: tattered, tattered cloak. The spear has vanished that he was fighting with.
UU Church of Boulder: and we we knew that they were using like
UU Church of Boulder: daylight.
UU Church of Boulder: controlled people as host. For this thing.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, what's the purple webbing? Is that something we've seen before?
Kate: Like
Timothy Sackton: It's probably just like chlight like.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are my scars. They they the same
Timothy Sackton: similar. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: all right. That makes sense.
Kate: I got anything for him.
Kate: Your wounds dispel magic.
Kate: Greater rest are, I mean, he's he's dad. Oh.
Kate: well. I thought he was dead. But then you started saying he was just lying there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, just the corpse looks very different in death than wait. You talk to dead people.
Eric Rosenbaum: can you?
UU Church of Boulder: We have a we can talk to one dead person right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Find out worth my spending on this guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: You?
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I have see a scroll of speak with dead
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim. Can't I also spend a key in speaking to dead people that are gonna do that, too, right
Timothy Sackton: now?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure wasn't one of my special PA.
Timothy Sackton: It's all on your character. She is there
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: death blessing advantage on death saving throws. Thank you for that.
Timothy Sackton: You can. You can resurrect somebody
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what we want to see.
Timothy Sackton: and you can
Timothy Sackton: remove. You can remove conditions, curses
Timothy Sackton: that sort of thing. but those are only those you can do only once, and once you do it, it's gone.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, forever, forever.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah. Kansas got a bunch of these one use abilities.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My staff is charged up with some weird key like I've got some. I've got like one giant key. They're like they're like one used magic items.
Eric Rosenbaum: The storm giant one you can recharge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eventually you'll figure out how to return to the other ones
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like. Had I not had to fly that airplane, I would have spent one of those key to, so that we could have gone to the dream world instead of walking through the the storm, which I think you guys all survive somehow.
Timothy Sackton: right?
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you return to your camp
Timothy Sackton: there anything you're going to do before going back to sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was going to pop some pop, some special Talgar melatonin and make sure you get some really good rest of night because we fucking died twice.
Kate: There, Anyone we need to like check up on sending wise
Timothy Sackton: at one in the morning? Probably not.
Eric Rosenbaum: And are we just aren't there, Talgar time zones. Maybe somebody is awake
Kate: somewhere. There are time zones.
Timothy Sackton: Mike has relied on the existence of time zones to figure out whether he's scrying somebody to the west or the east.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a tag of our globe.
Timothy Sackton: A. Not necessarily.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can still be time zones if the sun, you know.
Timothy Sackton: moves, you know, if it's pulled by a chariot across the sky, the Cherry and us is turned somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but can't. Can we like use math to figure out whether or not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ourars Here
Timothy Sackton: it has a horizon.
Eric Rosenbaum: so it's curved.
Timothy Sackton: It's curved, but that doesn't mean it's a globe.
Eric Rosenbaum: and be cylindrical, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't, we like to use math if it like. when the dwarves or somebody fucking smart to figure that out by now.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are hypotheses about this.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's actually every 100 years there's a conference about this topic.
UU Church of Boulder: The Storm Giant.
UU Church of Boulder: You frog
UU Church of Boulder: didn't know what was on the far side of the green sea Like it's
UU Church of Boulder: there may be
Timothy Sackton: it it's it's. Look, everybody in it reads that Tagar is locally spherical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does that mean? Locally spherical?
Timothy Sackton: Well, who knows what happens if you sail on the other on the ocean? Maybe it's like, maybe Tag is like a bubble coming out of
Timothy Sackton: something else.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I like that, and you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Course Tim knows
Timothy Sackton: I do, but it's not canonical yet, because it Hasn't been introduced in play
Eric Rosenbaum: right
Timothy Sackton: so it could change.
Timothy Sackton: I have a hypothesis
Eric Rosenbaum: future. Tim knows. Once it's been decided once the wave function collapses exactly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now we're we're all sleeping on deck of the ship, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: And yeah, while we're on a ship journey, the new rule is, everyone just stays on the ship. Okay? Because
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, then we're see if they're getting surrounded by shadow. Yeah, we'll like, Go randomly off to shit, because yeah, we'll be
Eric Rosenbaum: got to stay on the shit
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we need
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well be death. Note.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah. But the last time we met these guys they didn't fly, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, that's what she love like. You're directly responsible for me, dying twice.
UU Church of Boulder: and so i'm only going to count this as what it's directly, because it was so close back to back. I feel like it should only come. No; but if you had the opportunity to save me to prevent me from dying a second time, and you neglected not to help
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so both times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is your great direct causal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: causal, not correlative causal.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm. I'm. I'm a kid. So let's think about this too. I mean i'm carving it into my staff the tail of today. This is for posterity. So you do remember that the last time you fought one of these they tried to drag, Seeker off
Timothy Sackton: seems to be a pattern.
Eric Rosenbaum: The shadow hunters. Where were we when that happened?
Timothy Sackton: Fleeing from chart in
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, of course it's the pattern they're trying to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking. Take our lifeless bodies back to busto.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to likely animate us into even more powerful demon hunters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that that mile that we use recycled.
Eric Rosenbaum: we should probably have the ship brightly illuminated at all times
Timothy Sackton: might make it hard to sleep. But sure we're so. You you have 2 drift clubs that cast a fair bit of light.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, it's seriously. Well, me
Eric Rosenbaum: it's all your fault, according to Kenza
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in it
UU Church of Boulder: I in in fairness. I also saved your life. And so so you know you're gonna we it? I
UU Church of Boulder: I caused your death, and I saved you from that death.
UU Church of Boulder: I'm glad we agree on that.
Timothy Sackton: So with that you take
Eric Rosenbaum: a much-needed rest long rest
Timothy Sackton: long, last.
Timothy Sackton: and wake to a late morning breakfast.
Timothy Sackton: As this is the last day of November.
Timothy Sackton: and seeker, despite the A.
Timothy Sackton: You know, despite the
Timothy Sackton: trial by fire of last night. if anything has probably made you more eager to spend the day experimenting with the ship.
Timothy Sackton: figuring out how to get it, to fly, how to really control it properly.
Timothy Sackton: how to get it, to move fast. you you weren't able to I mean you were able to move it. But speed was nowhere close to what you think you can do.
Eric Rosenbaum: sure.
Timothy Sackton: So you spend your
Timothy Sackton: your full day of practice. If there's anything else people want to do well, secrets practicing.
Eric Rosenbaum: You noticed that seeker also while flying the ship around is uncharacteristically
Eric Rosenbaum: just like exposed. He's got his like
Eric Rosenbaum: body out up in the air, and has taken off a lot of the
Eric Rosenbaum: traveling clothes that he normally wears. He's sort of like
Eric Rosenbaum: bare chested, with a cloak flying out behind him in the wind. Is he like but naked?
Eric Rosenbaum: No. this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just like showing off
Eric Rosenbaum: just enjoying the air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tanza spends the day quietly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tending to the garden.
UU Church of Boulder: We'll be spend the day. Oh, sorry!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no, no, just just a you know. You see him like quietly tending to the garden, and he'll he'll glance a good wellbe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then you you can sense that every time he does it's like very triggering for him, and he goes and like sits down calmly and meditate. It's intense again, and then, like he'll like, look and like, just test, well be out at the point, and then he starts getting flustered. But then he calls himself down, and yeah, so it's just this kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: patterns throughout the day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you probably don't notice that maybe while he does. But
UU Church of Boulder: well.
UU Church of Boulder: so we'll be spend the day working with Baxter and working on on shooting from from riding Baxter.
UU Church of Boulder: But at a certain point he comes over to Kenzo. It's ken so it's
UU Church of Boulder: It's really important.
UU Church of Boulder: you know for us as a team. It's important for us to take responsibility when things go badly.
UU Church of Boulder: And so I think it's important for you to take responsibility for dying to that thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: So you know. Thanks about it.
Kate: It's role initiative.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 23.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I mean. Oh, yeah, that's a that's an you are quick what you get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They got a 9 1 one on arm Strike! That's nothing too crazy. Just going on on strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fuck inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no! That doesn't know
Timothy Sackton: that doesn't hit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll get it. I'll do another on. I'm a strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 28.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do love an image
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of like looks over, and just, you know, gives you. It gives you a a solid whack. very solid whack. and then and then turns and goes back, and you know kind of just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then Guess goes back to his garden.
UU Church of Boulder: I think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: message received, Ken. So i'll let you lay there next time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. I think, in all of our years playing D and D. I've never once rolled. I don't think I've ever rolled initiative against party, member until day for this moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! This is what this is, what you push me to. Well be.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, that's that's real good, not taking responsibility for your actions. Hands up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's that's the sort of spiritual maturity. I expected to a moment with your stature
Timothy Sackton: as you rest again.
Timothy Sackton: and the quiet evening
Timothy Sackton: prepared in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: You know Dallas been hunting to make sure you've got some store of food.
Timothy Sackton: Your
Timothy Sackton: have, you know, still have some supplies from his previous stores, but not, you know. a huge amount, so he's trying to rebuild.
Timothy Sackton: just trying to get in as a ship shape as possible.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker has now figured out so just to remind you the the
Timothy Sackton: skyship can go 10 miles an hour by default.
Timothy Sackton: and you can fly it for up to 12 h per day by default. But you can always attempt to fly longer or faster. which runs the risk of
Timothy Sackton: exhaustion, but not like at each time you attempt to go longer or faster and
Timothy Sackton: fail. A constitution saving during you accumulate a minus one to all d 20 roles until you take a long rest. Basically
Timothy Sackton: so you can push yourself if you want, but by default you can go
Timothy Sackton: 10 miles an hour. 12 h a day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that?
Timothy Sackton: No, it's. Exhaustion is too punishing. Exhaustions like to
Timothy Sackton: this is the like in the like Revised version of D. And D. They're play testing. Now, there's a
Timothy Sackton: a better exhaustion rule that's basically just one for each level of exhaustion.
Timothy Sackton: You have minus one to d 20 rolls.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's like I from Vermont
Eric Rosenbaum: today. Yeah, exactly. It's not. It's not like the in in
Timothy Sackton: the sort of normal rule is like once you get 2 levels of exhaustion or 3 levels of exhaustion. And basically, dad.
Timothy Sackton: So it makes it really difficult to. So this is a much milder form of
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
Timothy Sackton: and that's just that would just be for Seeker, Who's the one who's trying to fly at the moment at some point. If you want to take you'll have to take a day to
Eric Rosenbaum: keep somebody else how to fly right. Kenzo clearly wants to do that. Yes, Well, I already spent part of a day earlier. Right?
Timothy Sackton: You need like it's like a solid day with no interruptions totally. It's a morning tonight.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you've like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: spent some time with seeker, just trying to figure out the basic mechanics. But you still, if you, if you're going to pilot, it, still need to take the full day
Timothy Sackton: with doing nothing else
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can we do tomorrow?
Timothy Sackton: It depends on how quickly you want to get under way. It would delay you another day. If that is important.
Eric Rosenbaum: we have. We have some kind of quest there on now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, but having 2 people know how to fly is good
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: later, right? Because then we can be flying 24 h.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you I mean you'd still you couldn't quite make 24 h because
Timothy Sackton: you need an hour to switch drivers because you
Eric Rosenbaum: that this before 22 h
UU Church of Boulder: I agree. I think it's worth staying in learning
Eric Rosenbaum: if you make it up like, over the next couple of days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look, look, Kenz out. There's a a ground rule here, though. I'm going to give you
Eric Rosenbaum: driving lessons for this gigantic stone ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: you mess up and blame me for it. I'm going to turn you into a rabbit, and i'm not going to turn you back until you apologize, which is hard, because you'll be
Eric Rosenbaum: rabbit, I understand.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, we will be a standing next to seeker with this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that feels unnecessary. But it'll be fine.
Timothy Sackton: though. who has the sending stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I guess either either well be or I do, because we gave them one.
UU Church of Boulder: I think it makes sense for you to as a as a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: good point.
Timothy Sackton: So on December first, around lunch time, as you are taking a break for some food.
Timothy Sackton: as you in the middle of your day of practice learning to fly a ship
Timothy Sackton: still trying to disentangle your mind from the confusing sort of disorienting sensation of
Timothy Sackton: 360 degree awareness as you are connected in their tune to the to the to the ship.
Timothy Sackton: So that's another point. If you are so, if you are tuned to the.
Timothy Sackton: If you're attuned to the
Timothy Sackton: phasing stone, you have to unattune from either the renowned jumping, or the ring, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for the ring of what
Timothy Sackton: jumping or your ring of fire Resistance!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll I'll I'll detune from fire resistance.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: you hear a voice. Sarah's voice on the
Timothy Sackton: sending stone.
Timothy Sackton: Hello.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, all right.
Timothy Sackton: This thing would be. It's very interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Glad you. I'm glad there's a latch right?
Timothy Sackton: Alas, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm glad you were able to. Oh. receive this from a les.
Timothy Sackton: I read your letter
Timothy Sackton: and the news that a lash brought.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: here is the situation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've got it on Speaker phone, so we can all hear.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. That's how it works, right. It's not.
Timothy Sackton: It's not telepathy. It's actual like noise coming out of the stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice. So
Timothy Sackton: in the D and d movie they have sending stones that they can, that they all use
Timothy Sackton: very convenient, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: And she says
Timothy Sackton: I appreciate the
Timothy Sackton: dangers to the East.
Timothy Sackton: and I trust centre.
Timothy Sackton: and the message she brings the chicoons warnings.
Timothy Sackton: Shapuna has watched our borders for many generations.
Timothy Sackton: and if
Timothy Sackton: she now
Timothy Sackton: is concerned.
Timothy Sackton: I would
Timothy Sackton: I would not take that lightly.
Timothy Sackton: Nonetheless, I cannot leave token unwatched.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know if
Timothy Sackton: the rumors that Carnos.
Timothy Sackton: or was in league with a got to Dust mother, are true or not.
Timothy Sackton: Nonetheless, I do not. The Tardonians who have been camped outside Tokr for months supposedly in support of Karnat.
Timothy Sackton: and I will not march the bulk of my army East
Timothy Sackton: until Toka is secured.
Timothy Sackton: We had plan to ride
Timothy Sackton: this
Timothy Sackton: in the next few days.
Timothy Sackton: Today or tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: Our writing was delayed by a lescious news, but I will not delay it much longer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ride to where
Timothy Sackton: to take Tokra.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you going to lead any forces to defend the eastern border.
Timothy Sackton: I could send a small force. Now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we cannot commit the bulk of my forces until
Timothy Sackton: but well, I am sure that
Timothy Sackton: we will not be attacked from behind
Timothy Sackton: by the wizards of charter
Timothy Sackton: in league or not, with C.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A lash.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe you are wise to be wary of the Chardonian mages. This is prudent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: however.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and this is a critical moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We ride east right now. We had East
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to try to prevent what maybe the unleashing of a horrible. terrible army that we'll head west.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and if Shakun's power is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: disbanded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as is the goal of our of of we told, Have we told her about garage.
I mean, there was presumably a
Timothy Sackton: You wrote her a letter right in the letter you wrote last session. There was like some
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah information about the dangers to the East.
Kate: But we all we also told, did we? Did we not tell her like the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when we were in person?
UU Church of Boulder: I do remember I don't think so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Timothy Sackton: you told her in the letter, anyway, so she knows. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We fear that we fear that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with only
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a few moves terrible powers, terrible evil powers
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will be unleashed, and without Shakun's protection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A wave of terror, unlike what you can imagine, undead orcs that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to not be destroyed. repeatedly risen from the dead risen from the dead. We'll be at
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the doorsteps of the East.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a way to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: preserve your forces?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Stay wary of Chardon, but also not leave the eastern border totally defenseless.
Timothy Sackton: What are your plans?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We had East with the goal of stopping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We believe that there is a powerful magic that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if Rush is able to find it retrieve, it will end Chicago's protections. Our goal is to stop brush from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: season control of that item.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's no guarantee. We will succeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would say. The chances are low even that will succeed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: inside, though I think the chances are mine.
Timothy Sackton: It says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also telepathy. Any other arguments here. Anything else? I'm missing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: friends.
UU Church of Boulder: I feel like it's such a tough thing to convince, because
UU Church of Boulder: you know, I get she doesn't want to leave a Chardonian army and mages behind her
UU Church of Boulder: like that that does seem otherwise. On the other hand.
UU Church of Boulder: attacking Toka, attacking that Chardonian army also seems unwise, because it's not just about taking Tokra I mean it's essentially a declaration of war against chart, and it gives them a pretext
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to seize that territory legitimately, quickly, who is in control of Toker right now. It is it
Timothy Sackton: so? Your sense from
Timothy Sackton: go here and from
Timothy Sackton: from the scrying the dell was done, and just the various bits of rumor mongering, and what Giles said
Timothy Sackton: right? So. So Toker is still, you know, in control under
Timothy Sackton: the rule of
Timothy Sackton: you're a high priestess who you met.
Timothy Sackton: This is all. The Dunmari cities are all ruled by the temple administrators by the head priests
Timothy Sackton: sort of like a mayor.
Timothy Sackton: Her her nobody has like. really pushed her on her loyalty. Right like nobody said.
Timothy Sackton: It's sort of everybody's kind of avoided the question. But
Timothy Sackton: you know, technically speaking, our loyalty is to the gods. The whole issue here is the Gods Haven't really
Timothy Sackton: clearly supported one person or another.
Timothy Sackton: There is an army that's been camped. So so Karna sent an army
Timothy Sackton: to Tokra with Chardonian reinforcements. There's the people you attempt to scry on, and who or clairvoyance, and who caught you? And we're mad, at you.
Timothy Sackton: They
that army has been getting smaller and smaller over time, as people.
Timothy Sackton: you know. It was originally like the defense against the nulls, but people have drifted off. You know it's the harvest right? People have to go back and tend to their herds and things like that, so the army can't stay in the field forever.
Timothy Sackton: But Tardonians have have remained. Nobody is entirely sure. So now the army is. you know it used to be. The Tyrannyians were a small reinforcement for a large Dunmari army
Timothy Sackton: at this point that
Timothy Sackton: Dunmari army is fairly small, and the Chardonians are a substantial fraction. That
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how are they staying alive? Do they have like a supply chain, or the Denmark is like eating them.
Timothy Sackton: They're feeding them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the but
Timothy Sackton: I mean they out. They have gold right? They're not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Still.
Timothy Sackton: they're not. They're not stealing food or anything. They're paying for stuff.
Timothy Sackton: But the whole situation seems sort of on.
Timothy Sackton: you know.
Timothy Sackton: very uncertain at the moment. Right? So
Timothy Sackton: you know, Toka, is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's hard to say what would happen
Timothy Sackton: if Sarah marched into to her.
UU Church of Boulder: Just can't imagine it going well, because even
UU Church of Boulder: even if
she manages to push them out.
UU Church of Boulder: she will have declared war both against her brother.
UU Church of Boulder: openly right and against charting
UU Church of Boulder: like what's
UU Church of Boulder: what
UU Church of Boulder: I just I don't know how to get this message to her. Maybe
UU Church of Boulder: 10. So maybe for you to say somehow. But
UU Church of Boulder: I think she's thinking too short-term
take Tokra, and then what
UU Church of Boulder: you know then what 6 months from now Chardon will roll over all of the space between them, or any gap and the river like
UU Church of Boulder: you can't stand against that.
UU Church of Boulder: There's not no way to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sura. Does this move against chart and need to happen? Does this move against Tokra need to happen now.
Timothy Sackton: It must happen soon or not for a while.
Timothy Sackton: Zonkar's day of my tournament is
Timothy Sackton: 20 day. Is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there to be no fighting for that month.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there any way to send your forces the bolster the army there, but not engage just to strengthen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just strengthen defenses on both sides.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Muster more troops prepare again. I think it would be prudent to prepare the East for an assault. In the event we are unsuccessful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A horde of undead orcs
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: again will descend upon the land
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any any, any efforts that can be made to 4 to 5
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to the pair I would I would recommend
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right everybody, tell that to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I believe, indeed, this is
Timothy Sackton: my destiny. Might
Timothy Sackton: dreams have been a fire of riding at the head of an army of horses drawn of flames.
Timothy Sackton: my spear shining with auger's light. enemies burning before me.
Timothy Sackton: How dare said these orcs?
Timothy Sackton: They burn?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, they do burn!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your vision is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: appreciate it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is an army of the East.
This cannot happen if Toker is not secure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really good. I believe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that type.
Timothy Sackton: I believe Sangara
Timothy Sackton: is ready to declare for me the moment I make a move.
UU Church of Boulder: Why do you believe that
Timothy Sackton: my emissaries have spoken to the Temple priests there?
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Carnos, for all his clause
Timothy Sackton: prized
Timothy Sackton: doubt
Timothy Sackton: on weakness.
Timothy Sackton: He has always been close to some car.
Timothy Sackton: You will not fight on her holy day.
Timothy Sackton: the month of atonement and renewal.
Timothy Sackton: and so I AIM to move quickly.
Timothy Sackton: make my possession of
Timothy Sackton: the East
Timothy Sackton: unassailable. In the next 2 weeks
Timothy Sackton: camp a small force in the copper hills.
Timothy Sackton: easy to defend
Timothy Sackton: and send the bulk of my forces
Timothy Sackton: east to the borders
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: east to the lawyers.
Timothy Sackton: but not until Tokra and Sugar are secured.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long will that take.
Timothy Sackton: I hope, 2 weeks or less.
Timothy Sackton: As I said, the fighting will stop
Timothy Sackton: if there is even fighting. I
Timothy Sackton: do not think the people much love my brother.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, is this not the plot of game of thrones?
Timothy Sackton: Maybe I mean it's the plot of the war of the Rosa, but also that's the part of game of threats. Right? Oh, but I mean, like the Zombie army is descending down, and, like the Civil war's happening. But really everybody needs to be on the same team to by the zombie army. But they're not. Oh, yeah, that is the bottom game of friends. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's like we need to like, stop the Civil War, so we can all unify against the Zombies. But we're all fighting amongst ourselves instead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what do you guys think? Should we let her go? And and. you know, try to unify. Or is she just going to get mired in a civil war to the West?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or is this the whole fucking goal of the Chardonian army to lure her over there to like, Keep him in a fight, so that then she can't come back to the East.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean that that that's my thought.
UU Church of Boulder: like
UU Church of Boulder: real world. History says that's how to start a war.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean.
UU Church of Boulder: that's how we start most of our wars. Oh, no! Some us people got killed because we put them there to get get killed. Now we have to destroy that nation like
UU Church of Boulder: it just. It just seems like it.
UU Church of Boulder: It becomes an active aggression, not just against her brother, but against Charton.
Her brother's already given up
UU Church of Boulder: on that, like on the land east of the river.
UU Church of Boulder: like I think his new
UU Church of Boulder: Don Mar is south of the mountains. I don't know it just it. It seems like it plays into place into the imperial charges, Whether or not that's real right. But whether or not that's actually their design
UU Church of Boulder: first striking West certainly plays into that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I don't know what that means. We should do, though. Yeah, sorry for sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if you're a if you're a meyer and and and into conflict in the west
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and chart in strikes, and you bring all of Chardon in leave with your brother.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is exactly what we believe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The forces in the east, and also the corruption in Chardon once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then we will be lost.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You lost in conflict to the west. Us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unable to stop the carnage in the East.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if you can wait.
Timothy Sackton: Charlotte, and will not risk war with Dunmar.
UU Church of Boulder: we'll let your strength in the field. But right now.
Timothy Sackton: right now in camp
Timothy Sackton: 3,000 on horse, same again on foot.
Timothy Sackton: but at need
Timothy Sackton: could triple that
me.
Timothy Sackton: and with Sangara the vast plains across the Central Central Dunbar
Timothy Sackton: 5 times that number.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim. How long is the all on horseback?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long is it?
Timothy Sackton: It's a month? It's so it's like from the winter solstice to the
Timothy Sackton: to the end of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: good.
Timothy Sackton: The following month is like song cars like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, the Day of Atonement, and then it ends with the with blockchain. Lockea's day.
Timothy Sackton: That's like a big celebration. When the sun sun begins to go back north.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: give us these 2 weeks, and the what's the name of the holiday Sun Car.
Timothy Sackton: Good day at song cars, songcar's, day or day of the to, and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: give us these 2 weeks in the day of Atonement that period.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That'll be enough time for us to see if we can stop
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: garage from from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from achieving the the item that he needs. If we're able to stop them. Then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shakun's protection remains. If we're unable to. then you'll know. and the only thing to do would be to fight to survive.
Timothy Sackton: If you are fleeing west on the heels of a
Timothy Sackton: Orc army.
Timothy Sackton: and there are
Timothy Sackton: 50 trained Chardonian mages
Timothy Sackton: waiting in Tokra.
Timothy Sackton: They will either
Timothy Sackton: step up to attack the Orcs and claim
Timothy Sackton: overlordship of our land.
Timothy Sackton: or
Timothy Sackton: our theory is about the corruption and the heart of the Empire corrected.
Timothy Sackton: They will fight the old parks. I do not think you want Chardonian Mages lingering in Tokra? If there is an art oric army charging from the West, I certainly don't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How are you going to move them
Timothy Sackton: 3,000 cavalry can stop 50 mages.
Timothy Sackton: and we have the gods on our side.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, there's an argument to be made that if the eastern defenses fall. Be better to have an army of
UU Church of Boulder: what?
UU Church of Boulder: 30,000? Them have 6,000?
UU Church of Boulder: No, no, it seemed clear, and it seems less clear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why can't you wait.
Timothy Sackton: Wait for what?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait for us to try. Wait for us to try and stop brush if we can stop him, then then then attack away. Shakun's protection, will.
Timothy Sackton: if you fail, is it not better
Timothy Sackton: to
Timothy Sackton: have secured our position and be able to defend from a place of strength
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's
UU Church of Boulder: and increasingly persuaded
UU Church of Boulder: I
UU Church of Boulder: a I don't know if she can really call that many
UU Church of Boulder: to an army
UU Church of Boulder: seems solid.
UU Church of Boulder: whether it's against Chardonians or the Unden
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sarah. In the end. The decision is yours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our path is clear. We had East.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We'll do our best to stop
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: garage from undoing the powers of she can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know the consequences.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The choice is yours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I fear. I stand now on
Timothy Sackton: uncertain ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pray to the gods
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that they offer you guys and gods, give me visions of
Timothy Sackton: glory and battle
Timothy Sackton: again. Writing at my side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, I fuckin auger dude.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: staff of the Forest Soul.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For like something that's going to happen soon, so
Timothy Sackton: it's not really like. Is this going to turn out to be bad over the next 2 weeks? It's like.
Timothy Sackton: Is this a bad choice right now.
Timothy Sackton: Not quite powerful enough to
Timothy Sackton: right it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Okay, You want an omen about a specific course of action. You plan to take within the next 30 min.
Timothy Sackton: So it's really more of a like.
Timothy Sackton: Is this thing we just is this crazy scheme we just cooked up to infiltrate the Orc's hideout. A good idea or a bad idea
Timothy Sackton: it's not like. Is this geopolitical thing?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, this does feel like a fucking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should. This feels like a fucking call on the gods. Try to help us for guidance for tech moment, or here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pretty big moment right here.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, do we have anything else to let us do that. It's the ugly mirror, I think. Just kiss. I agree. Marilyn's kind of the same thing. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Doesn't doesn't deal with. Have some cool spells.
Timothy Sackton: Resident has some spells.
Timothy Sackton: Kate.
Kate: but not like
Kate: I've been looking, but
Kate: I mean I was looking at things to like convince, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean convincing. It feels pretty difficult to know exactly what the right news is, which is why, consulting with the gods for a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for a lean one way.
Timothy Sackton: So this would be like
Kate: to find intervention like. but that I felt better about asking the dwarving gods to like remove of person to like
Timothy Sackton: divination is the spell you're looking for.
Kate: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: you don't have it prepared so you could cast it until tomorrow.
Kate: Okay? Oh, you're talking about spells. I don't actually have not so it spells like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's divination? It's a spot you could have. What's divination? You
Timothy Sackton: it's. It's like augury. But you ask a question concerning a specific goal, event, or activity to occur within 7 days
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because them leaving weaving she wants to leave like in the next day or 2. So yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but Branson doesn't have the spell prepared. So you have to wait until tomorrow, right? But we can ask her we can. We can ask. I'll consider it. Wait till tomorrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: while we consult the gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do that
UU Church of Boulder: in that way. You finish learning how to fly the ship along the way to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect it's not lost time. Right, Sarah. We also have means to consult the gods. This is an important moment. The answer is not clear, but give us a day. Let us communicate again on these stones tomorrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and see if something is clear. You pray to your gods as well play to the Dunmari gods. I will as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The gods can be. Give us guidance in this moment. This decision is a heavy one.
Timothy Sackton: We do not plan to march till the day after tomorrow. In any case.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then pray. then, pray.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she can be with you
Timothy Sackton: and you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Let's fucking do some divination.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. So you spend the rest of the day working on the chip.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo practicing
Timothy Sackton: the next morning.
Timothy Sackton: What are you going to ask? When you wake up? You're prepared. You're ready to go at this point. So first thing in the morning before you
Timothy Sackton: take off, and whichever direction you're going to take off. What do you want to ask?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what are we allowed to ask again.
Kate: It said, Quest. Go ahead. A single question concerning a specific goal, Event or activity occur within 7 days. and the reply might be a short phrase, a cryptic rhyme, or an omen
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we should ask, should Sura what ride west to fortify Tokra right or whatever to take pocraft.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? Everybody
UU Church of Boulder: you Yes, and I don't know a cryptic phrase this. This may be less valuable than hope for.
but I think it's the right thing to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right, we asked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should should Sura
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: march east and try to take back October to
Timothy Sackton: So you
Timothy Sackton: you sit down
Timothy Sackton: and and Rizman praised for
Timothy Sackton: 10 min.
Timothy Sackton: working with some metal as a as a sacrifice to the gods
Timothy Sackton: costs 25 gold to cast the spell.
Timothy Sackton: You have plenty of gold at
so so.
Timothy Sackton: and you as you go into your
Timothy Sackton: as you go into your your
Timothy Sackton: your prayers res when you can hear the ringing of the hammers of the forge. I mean. Now you hear a chance in dwarves, a
Timothy Sackton: sort of an echo of like a mining song that you know from your childhood.
Timothy Sackton: and the lyrics begin to shift.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't dwarven you. You're here.
Timothy Sackton: Well, none can predict
Timothy Sackton: how long
Timothy Sackton: a building may stand.
Timothy Sackton: Those with strong foundations last longer than those with weak roots.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Say one more time.
Kate: Well, none can predict how long a building may stand. Those with strong foundations last longer than those with weak roots
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just fucking. Stay!
UU Church of Boulder: Well, I hear that I hear that as go.
UU Church of Boulder: Why, I I hear that as
UU Church of Boulder: and
UU Church of Boulder: Sura is the building with the strong foundation.
UU Church of Boulder: the one with the claim to the throne.
whose strength is the people of Dunbar. And so
UU Church of Boulder: you can't
UU Church of Boulder: know whether that will stand forever or not.
but that she's got
the strength to stand.
UU Church of Boulder: I don't know.
UU Church of Boulder: What what do you all here that is?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fortify?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Stay solid, Don't, disperse your forces
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pretty straightforward.
Kate: It seems like fortifying to me, but I wasn't really sure whether we were fortifying Tocra or fortifying the East.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fortifying the East.
No doubt that
UU Church of Boulder: is done.
UU Church of Boulder: Denmark's strength is on the back to
UU Church of Boulder: you know. Perhaps this raising a larger army on horse is what fortification is here. I I don't know I don't know enough about Denmark Enough that so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there any literal buildings involved in this
Eric Rosenbaum: story?
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, I mean the the the implication of
Timothy Sackton: we literal buildings in the in the message from the gods or in the like Tokra story.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean in Tokra.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's plenty of buildings in toker.
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: But like a single iconic structure again.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's like there's the there's the plaza that has those 3
Timothy Sackton: ancient Denmarki buildings that path less the archives in the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, there's also the iconic mesa
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in the East. That is, when
Timothy Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is slightly weird to talk about the roots of a building.
Eric Rosenbaum: because that was
Eric Rosenbaum: in the message. Wasn't it as opposed to foundations. Buildings don't have
Eric Rosenbaum: the gods had a mixed metaphor.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, simultaneously foundations and rates. Yeah, I mean, they've got us. Who Who are we to question
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Timothy Sackton: It's it's just a poor translation from the dwarfish.
Eric Rosenbaum: because mountains have roots also. They are literally roots
UU Church of Boulder: in a mountain. Its roots are its foundation.
Timothy Sackton: but the implication from the I mean the dwarfish. you know, in the original dwarfish the sense would be sort of.
Timothy Sackton: and in the sense of like building right, it would be sort of
Timothy Sackton: at. You can't build on a weak platform.
Kate: Yeah, there's a whole Bible song about it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like don't don't spread your forces thin.
Kate: I'm pretty sure that's what Jesus said.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, in the yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: the gospel of War again.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, weby will say, Well, we'll be, will confess to being flummoxed, and I'm.
UU Church of Boulder: I can convince myself either way, and both of them at once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: prisoner
Kate: I mean.
Kate: Here we are by the venturers who know a lot about the
Kate: and the evil powers amassing around our world. But I don't necessarily think that makes us political experts. What your intuition.
Kate: I guess
Kate: I would say the gods were
Kate: thing to stay rather than go, because the foundation is sort of a
Kate: staying.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate: What you need to make a military campaign is sort of uprooting yourself so
Eric Rosenbaum: classic. Blender overreach.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You agree fortify.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm. I'm a fortifying type of person.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, Sarah has to decide. All right contacts are on the on the stone.
Timothy Sackton: Good morning, Kenzel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sir, that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: actually, Tim, before I do that, too. I also love this one's doing that I was fucking, praying to all my fucking gods because i'm linked in with all them any any like. I spend the whole day just like doing rituals, do fucking like whatever you know. All my stayed up all night. Well, you were spending the day learning to fly the ship.
Timothy Sackton: This is first thing in the morning. You can stay in my stake an hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You stay up all night. Yes, yes, for this. I stay up. Okay, Stay up all night. Star night rituals fuckin, you know just everything I can think of commune with nature, commun with plants.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking, talk to all the gods, tattoos, the whole fucking thing, and anything I can do to get a sign right now.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: the thing that you feel
Timothy Sackton: the most in these prayers is the pull of
Timothy Sackton: shecoon. the
Timothy Sackton: this web of
Timothy Sackton: missed out that you're connected to
Timothy Sackton: this energy, that that all that flows through you and all of the the other missed I that
Timothy Sackton: protect the the the borders.
Timothy Sackton: and you can fail both how strong it is, but also
Timothy Sackton: but also how fraudulent is how
Eric Rosenbaum: and yet at the same time
Timothy Sackton: you don't.
Timothy Sackton: You know your your feeling is not the the that you have, or you're sort of the the
Timothy Sackton: message from cocoon is not that
Timothy Sackton: it's not that this protection will fail at any moment.
Timothy Sackton: Right? It's that it's that
Timothy Sackton: part of what keeps this protection. Strong is the
Timothy Sackton: belief of the dunari in Shakun, and in the power of
Timothy Sackton: this border, and
you know whether.
and
Timothy Sackton: obviously it's hard to know the future right. But the you know the the
it. It feels to you just as risky for a large army to march east and for the
Timothy Sackton: center of of Denmark to collapse
Timothy Sackton: as it does for the army to. So you know it's not. It's not clear that chicoon to you is supporting the like.
Timothy Sackton: Charge East perspective.
Timothy Sackton: Given that the strength of
Timothy Sackton: Now, of course, if Sara gets bogged down in a huge war, and you know, can't extract your forces, and it's
Timothy Sackton: 2 3 4 months before she can march you that might be a lot worse. But
Timothy Sackton: you're feeling from the gods is just the sensiveness.
Timothy Sackton: You know the the sort of power of
Timothy Sackton: the Dunari people believing in the power of the gods.
Timothy Sackton: But again.
Timothy Sackton: it's not. It's not one thing that you, as you meditate through the night right? One thing you feel is like It's not obvious that there is a right course of action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. There's just different downsides. All right. Let's get on the phone, Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hit my favorites on the Benning stone.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: good morning, Kim Zone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed, it's been a long night. I I have not slept myself, and, like our companions. We have been
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doing our best to consult the gods in your favor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have the God spoken to you?
Timothy Sackton: I have had the same dream
Timothy Sackton: writing the head of an army of flaming horses.
Timothy Sackton: them fire and might of the people behind me, and aug air
Timothy Sackton: blessing shining from my spear and
Timothy Sackton: scorching the planes before me and my enemies
Timothy Sackton: do not think that God's intend this as a vision
Timothy Sackton: riding against my brother.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: for all his.
Timothy Sackton: for all the trouble he has caused.
Timothy Sackton: Even indeed, if.
Timothy Sackton: as many believe, he was in league with this desert, which
Timothy Sackton: he is still done, Marty
Timothy Sackton: and the gods not burn him on the plains of battle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And have you made him so? I believe this must be
Timothy Sackton: a vision of riding against this oric army you speak of.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, I still see not how I can do that without the united might of
Timothy Sackton: Tocra and Sangara. Behind me is not 30,000 troops in a month better than 5,000 troops. Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sarah. we've consulted with the gods ourselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We only have a cryptic message from the dwarven gods. I say that I say the thing, whatever it ones I forget.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and in my own consult with the Emari gods.
See.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believed the most important decision is that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the Denmark people are galvanized together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is most important. The strength of the people comes
so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in our united beliefs in our collective energy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And if you believe that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: heading lest will strengthen Dunmore as a whole. and that's what you must do.
Timothy Sackton: I believe. Should this army appear to the east. we will rally
to fight it, as we always have when armies have appeared on our Eastern borders.
Timothy Sackton: But I think
Timothy Sackton: think my brother is too slow.
Timothy Sackton: and well he may eventually ride against his army. Should it appear. he would spend months planning and months gathering forces in the cities
Timothy Sackton: to the West. Niagara and Darba.
Timothy Sackton: and months sending letters to allies, asking for aid in exchange for future promises of dubious nature.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, if this army does appear in the East.
Timothy Sackton: believe the only way Dunmar survives
Timothy Sackton: as if I am at the head of the army that meets that.
Timothy Sackton: To do that I must take Toka.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you feel the conviction. if you feel that this is truly what will solidify and fortify Dunmar. Then that's all that matters.
Timothy Sackton: If you would
Timothy Sackton: aid me and this a letter. a message, if you can to
Timothy Sackton: the lock and monks.
Timothy Sackton: You know Laka has
Timothy Sackton: been silent.
Timothy Sackton: provided little guidance.
Timothy Sackton: Yet if the monks speak against me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will not convince the monks one way or the other, i'll merely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll merely pass on the insights that I've received from the gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: both from the Demario and the dwarfs. and they can decide.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe in Dunmar. and I do believe in you.
Timothy Sackton: I would not be here without you. I will not press you further on this point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll share what the gods said glad gladly. It's important for them to know.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How the fuck are. You gonna write them around that letter?
Timothy Sackton: You can. You can send a letter on Delaware's. Bell with can use his magic letter sending.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know that is, but all right. Would be that. Well, well. that happens
Timothy Sackton: So Kenzo writes a letter
Timothy Sackton: speaking of hands.
Timothy Sackton: It's his visions and his feelings, and reporting everything that's happened in all of the words of the gods.
Timothy Sackton: The the links steps out of Del with shields. grabs the letter in its mouth, and it sort of
Timothy Sackton: fades, and then it takes off across the plains, racing you speed close to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: press it.
Timothy Sackton: and then you prepared to take flight.
Timothy Sackton: Thou in the in all 20 on the map you are here.
Timothy Sackton: Your destination is here. Are you going just in a straight line? What's your
Eric Rosenbaum: again?
Timothy Sackton: How is our destination again? No, you should be able to see the map.
Kate: I could see it. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: though. It's about 500 and
Timothy Sackton: 20 to 500 and
oh.
Timothy Sackton: 40 miles
Eric Rosenbaum: the like 3 days.
Timothy Sackton: It's like more than 3 days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey? When we're going, the sheets can see her like mold earth, and, like you know, can we like, fix up the ship as we fly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like while Kansas is flying it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I need to sleep.
Timothy Sackton: Secret needs to sleep while you're so. So if you just go it, it's like 4 and a half days. If you go at the normal speed. If you try and push yourself a little, you could probably squeeze it in to just
Timothy Sackton: just under 4 days if you go 22 h a day doing the swapping off thing. Then. Yeah, then you could make it in in in just over 2 days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just thinking like we might want to just spend a little time as seekers able to like and and and and able to work on the ship like. I really think it'd be sweet to have, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, a fucking air air attack, where, like at a minimum, like a door, we can swing open to have all the rubble that fall out. You know what I mean. Stuff like that. I was thinking about that in the encounter with the shadow dogs. It's like oh, I imagine the belly hit the ship swinging open and let's see what? Exactly. I think I think at a minimum that because we've got rubble on the ship. We just need to like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fashion some kind of a door, you know.
Timothy Sackton: some kind of like, Drop the bottom out thing. Yeah, I I mean, I think Rizwin certainly can work on this because she's not piloting, I think. Seeker in kenza. We're gonna be pretty exhausted after flying the ship 12 h a day.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's worth considering, making more of a plan for what we're trying to do and how we're going to try to do it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So so that's what I'm asking is like, okay, so you can just fly straight. You can fly like 240 miles, so by
Timothy Sackton: tomorrow morning. You can be somewhere here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? Why are we playing all the way to that? Why are we flying to that far X. What's over there?
Kate: The cloak.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's where the cloak is.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're trying to beat garage to this city where the cloak is being held right.
Eric Rosenbaum: There is nothing I do. I think that was what your plan was. Yeah, do we know what's our intelligence on? Where the cloak is? Who has it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have we find it so
Timothy Sackton: these orcs have it
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Timothy Sackton: The peaceful orcs that live out in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: you've seen the you've seen there, like King, or something or somebody wearing it
Eric Rosenbaum: good. and then I read kind of like.
Eric Rosenbaum: smash everything and take it, and then destroy it, or we try to take it for ourselves.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that you don't need to, I think, for you. What's that?
Kate: We're not taking it for ourselves? We don't want to silence the gods.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it it obviously would fit me. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we just want to protect them.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're, you know. This is You're flying over the desert scene.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
UU Church of Boulder: I think we want to destroy the club.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but then the the the Orcs become like that Orcs like, Why, Don't, we just let them keep it.
Kate: We either need to just well. This is why I've been asking about where volcanoes are, and saying we should destroy the scepter. We
Kate: of all the things the cloak actually has been repurposed for something. A. You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: in some framework. Good. So you see you're saying we should give the good or good orcs receptor.
UU Church of Boulder: I
UU Church of Boulder: Well, these feelings on that are more complicated, because, on the one hand.
UU Church of Boulder: pick the cloak from those Orcs
UU Church of Boulder: would be both
UU Church of Boulder: to send them back to being violent works again, and perhaps to unleash a giant Orc threat, unlike that region of the world.
UU Church of Boulder: and, on the other hand.
UU Church of Boulder: to restore them to their true nature, exactly to let them go back to being
UU Church of Boulder: what they are like.
Like the races of Talgar created races. They're they're
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're saying this. It's a to be that way. This cloak kind of perverts them
Eric Rosenbaum: into farmers
Eric Rosenbaum: with like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's Democratic
Eric Rosenbaum: are. Are they experiencing a cultural flourishing? Are they like
Eric Rosenbaum: It's now great theater and poetry and
Eric Rosenbaum: visual arts.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know
Eric Rosenbaum: we should go. We'll find out what's happening there.
Kate: I mean it could just be a depressed, depressed city of works like
Kate: crying in the streets as they wonder what their lives mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now you'd have a a complex
Eric Rosenbaum: as an orc in that situation, because, you know you have these impulses, but you know that you can't follow them, or would you
Eric Rosenbaum: Would You just know about the history?
Timothy Sackton: You'll have to talk to the arts and find out.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a bunch of different ways that that could go. And then do we see if they like being godless or not?
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we gonna? I guess we have to park the ship pretty far away.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't or versus arriving in. You know our glory in a flying stone ship at the gate. Is this like a C Threepo and or moment? Or is this like a, you know?
Timothy Sackton: Okay. But what I really know need to know is. Are you just flying? Are you just flying in a as straight a line as you can manage
Timothy Sackton: navigating.
Timothy Sackton: you know, in the dark, I guess by stars it's probably easier to do. I think so
Kate: as quickly as possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just give it that
Kate: Sorry Who? Sorry? Go ahead, kids up the guy I can.
Kate: unless we can squash our least favorite party of wizards on the way
Kate: before they can. Alive with garage.
UU Church of Boulder: I would love that. I mean Wellbe has had a a growing thirst for vengeance. So you're saying there's a quest. But then, on the side of it, there's this other quest. Wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Now let's inscri them, and on December this morning, as you're discussing this dell with goes in scries.
Timothy Sackton: and. in fact, they are within
Timothy Sackton: sight of Gosh's army, and seemed to be meeting with him on meeting up with him this day, December second.
Kate: So we've missed our window. Where? Where is the army?
Timothy Sackton: It's in the desert somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: right hard to localize. It's hard to localize it's heading it's heading east. It's some. It left
Timothy Sackton: 4 or 5 days ago, and it's moving fast. It's clearly not at the other arc kingdom yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, and it's my hands to an ecosystem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, so we should basically go as fast as we can and get to the Orcs as fast as we can. We should do the 2 day thing straight line, 2 days get there. And what does this straight line take us over again
Kate: a lot of desert. That's why I was in that particular desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: i'm just measuring to to the river, basically
Timothy Sackton: because you don't quite know exactly how big and where these works are.
Eric Rosenbaum: And actually we want. I think we want to route a little bit further north because we don't want to be spotted from the ground because we don't know how far along we're about. Yeah, that's fair.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, I have to step away for a minute to get a kid down to bed i'll be back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They They also can't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They can spry us any time they want and see. They know that we've got a ship now, right? What was the thing that we did to prevent them from knowing? We have a ship?
Timothy Sackton: You can. You can't prevent you talk telepathically to prevent them from hearing what you're saying. But there's no way to prevent. They know you have on your show
Timothy Sackton: inevitably. They know you have to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
Eric Rosenbaum: Well. that's not good.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: you.
Eric Rosenbaum: And if we were them, what would we be doing by some insurance against us?
Eric Rosenbaum: How would you attract these things from the ground. Yeah, they're going to try to. They're going to try to take us down for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I guess I guess you wouldn't try to attack it from the ground, you would fly up and attack us on deck.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we should fortify the deck
Eric Rosenbaum: against a boarding party.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we should build actually a bunch of fucking stuff to like protect the facing stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like I, you know, like I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like. So that's interesting as an attacker. Would you go and just try to pluck that out.
Eric Rosenbaum: causing it to drop from causing the whole ship to drop from the sky. That would be pretty nasty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should be right, we should protect that. Do we need to be touching the facing stone to use it?
Timothy Sackton: No, you just need to be a tune to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's cool. So like on board the ship, though, on board the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I can't leave the ship and still control that. Wait! Can I fight and control the control the ship at the same time. No.
Eric Rosenbaum: her
Timothy Sackton: sort of can. But each time you take damage you have to make constitution saades, and if you fail
Eric Rosenbaum: you lose control of the ship. I got super lucky in that tonight.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah, maybe next time secret levels up, you've got to do something and make you better at Constitution saves
Eric Rosenbaum: right, because it's 50 50 each time. So it was pretty. What happened was pretty unlikely. or you were all incredibly what you would all. And you rolled really high on all those strengths. And
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. that a
Eric Rosenbaum: a lucky day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so it's more likely as soon as it
Eric Rosenbaum: combat happens that
Eric Rosenbaum: those things go, hey, wire. So the pilot definitely needs to be protected from getting.
Timothy Sackton: But remember, if you lose concentration, it just means that it just means you can't move it around it. Doesn't: Crash.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it just.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that could be important.
Timothy Sackton: But if you have anything, if you have any plan? That depends on the maneuverability of the ship.
Timothy Sackton: You need to protect concentration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we should fucking. Set it up so we can drop rubble from the bottom. That's an easy one. And then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess, how do we protect it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from the top?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it needs like a bubble of some kind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wish we had a shield. I wish we had a force force fields. They may be that you can't do it because I create like a big Ass Force field.
Kate: I can create a wall of fire that's useful. Actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can it be like a a plane of fire like above us or around us the dome of fire as seriously. It can be a dome.
Timothy Sackton: It can't be that big, though. Remember, the ship is 250 feet long.
Eric Rosenbaum: right, but we can make a little cockpit area.
Kate: the flaming cockpit.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you could make a wall of fire that surrounds the cockpit with the flames pointing out.
Kate: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then wouldn't be able to see so good. Walk up the the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: You see it through the ship. I I could see fun. And yeah, or Kenz, or if it's flying
Eric Rosenbaum: me
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: let's see here.
Kate: can't like wizards. Teleport to the other side of a blaming wall or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: It's not perfect. The mansion door I can get you past. There's ways to get you. You can just eat the damage and walk through it
Eric Rosenbaum: right just does a lot of damage. It's no no perfect system here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we should try to use what we know about Cadmus and what he
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what were Cadmus's abilities against him? He guessed fireball, and I was really fucking
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cassian. What? What? What could they do?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did they do against us in that battle I was like summoned a demon, and then
Timothy Sackton: had a bunch of fear effects.
Eric Rosenbaum: The same spell that got risen
Timothy Sackton: in the Shadow Hunter fight, Ken was said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is cancel, and you to fear
Timothy Sackton: you can use it
Timothy Sackton: mostly. Not not not technically, but you can spend your action to end any fear effect on yourself for 2 key.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a similar
Eric Rosenbaum: ability, Don't. I?
Timothy Sackton: You are effective, you. You are sort of immune to fear. It just cost you your action
Eric Rosenbaum: that I had some fear related.
Timothy Sackton: You have like a counter charm ability.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what it is.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so well. But so you're just flying string
Timothy Sackton: for
Timothy Sackton: your 2 2 days of straight flying across the desert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll hire we. Can. We fly like really high up?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you go. You go quite high like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like out of the range of spells and shit like that, You know they can't like bring us down. They can't crash us with some magic
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or so far out of range.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you go, especially when seeker's flying.
Timothy Sackton: Eric. I just sent you a message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You go super high, like nice, nice
Timothy Sackton: way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's what we want
Timothy Sackton: like a: Not so that there's like a chill in the air. It was like in the line like
lying out below you like this.
Timothy Sackton: can I not? Yeah, you can.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can fly that high
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seekers had a little more practice than you. But you can flag for me. Yeah, I mean it's like just like getting the we just want to not be brought down by
Timothy Sackton: you. Do have to land to switch drivers. You can't switch drivers midair, because if nobody is a tune to the phasing stone, it crashes.
Eric Rosenbaum: and even though we're flying very, very high, and
Eric Rosenbaum: at that altitude it's
Eric Rosenbaum: cold, and there's strong wind. Seeker is wearing seemingly less and less clothing each time just enjoying the chill on his skin
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as it supports
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seeker and his freedom of expression.
Kate: He is up with me and worries that he's getting a little storm giantish for a dwarf.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what do you mean?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You be? You seeker you be. It
Kate: is he him, though
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's more him than he's ever been.
Kate: I don't know so sight of, or something
then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is he like secretly like eating the power of the receptor of power, and you like sucking on it, or sleeping with it, or something
Kate: he had that like thing for the snow, the magic ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: what they
Kate: the addiction?
Eric Rosenbaum: There's no addiction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where is the scepter, by the way?
Timothy Sackton: It's in one of his
Timothy Sackton: lock at like always in the part of a hall
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which we are signed. Does he come closer to garage?
Kate: Well, because nobody didn't have time to sail to the nearest volcano?
Kate: I mean, like God's inhabited volcano.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what? Okay. This is our backup plan in all seriousness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we are unable to get the cloak, destroy the club. whatever the cloak, and if garage gets the coke
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we should go and destroy this after before we do anything else. Yes.
Kate: yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right.
Kate: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: after a long day of travel.
Timothy Sackton: some repairs on the ship.
Timothy Sackton: a brief land in the desert
Timothy Sackton: to switch pilots.
Timothy Sackton: and then another long night of flying, when some of you sleep and Kenza drives
Timothy Sackton: the next morning don's hot and clear again.
Timothy Sackton: and you just do it again. Another day of soaring up into the sky Another day of
Timothy Sackton: watching the desert landscape below. You slowly change
Timothy Sackton: until
Timothy Sackton: the morning after another change in another, the rest
Timothy Sackton: driving off a few curious Johnny vultures. You come to see
Timothy Sackton: what this other giant ship in the giant is
Timothy Sackton: watching the landscape change before you.
Timothy Sackton: You see
Timothy Sackton: in the distance
Timothy Sackton: a valley. the river valley
Timothy Sackton: you see rolling pastoral hills, stretching as far as the I can see. Fields and cattle
Timothy Sackton: watch towers along the river.
Timothy Sackton: This you surmise
Timothy Sackton: early on the morning of
Timothy Sackton: December fourth
Timothy Sackton: must be the land of the oryx that you're looking for.
Timothy Sackton: No sign of Gosh's army, at least not yet.
Timothy Sackton: And this is where we'll stop, because I don't want to do that works without Mike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you? Is this my journey?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, this is my journey. You can see the cows are a little bit messed up.
Kate: Yeah, if it look in armadillo. And Dave.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that one's a
Timothy Sackton: not quite the right shape
Eric Rosenbaum: an anteater or something.
Kate: There's the five-legged one near concept
Timothy Sackton: nice for some reason things in the like. So creatures in the
Timothy Sackton: I' to do a a picture of a cow, it will get it exactly right.
Timothy Sackton: but if they're just like little details in the background. it's much much worse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Next to the
Timothy Sackton: I guess we never disguised ourselves, but we didn't have time. Well, you can let I mean Well, well.
Timothy Sackton: I just. I just made the picture, so I wanted to end the session on the picture. Well, we will start next session with this sort of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, our planning and discussion. We we had 3 days, I like to discuss the local five-legged house.
Timothy Sackton: and the violent like naked cows.
Timothy Sackton: But you do see, I mean even when you're approaching from quite a distance, right like from 50 miles off, you can see the landscape stretching in front of you this river, the first river that you come to
Timothy Sackton: this river here
Timothy Sackton: right, you can see, like the law, this whole river valley. This.
Timothy Sackton: you know, Clear irrigation like this
Timothy Sackton: this.
Timothy Sackton: You know lots of cattle, lots of green growing.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's how long have they been here? Built the whole
Timothy Sackton: agricultural. Yeah, like this is not like, you know, a fly by night camp, right like you can see this is like a well settled kingdom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is great.
Timothy Sackton: and you know. just almost of comes out of nowhere right like that.
Timothy Sackton: I guess you were mostly flying through the night before you encountered it. But you know this is in the midst of a
Timothy Sackton: of a you know desert right? This is like this is like Egypt, I guess, like coming across the Nile.
Timothy Sackton: You see this.
Timothy Sackton: You're hiking through sands, and you're flying above sands and rolling dunes. And then there's just this green ribbon of the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: welling Armlands. How long have they had to do this? Have they been doing this?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who knows? You don't know. I mean
Timothy Sackton: a poly on? Well.
Timothy Sackton: you know it could have been 120 years, or 150 years, or 200.
It's like.
Timothy Sackton: as far as you know, the history of the cloak. Was that a polyon
Timothy Sackton: had it? It was found at some point by the Damari.
Timothy Sackton: The Tanari were
Timothy Sackton: guarding it at a there was a letter that I have somewhere. They were guarding it at a fort
Timothy Sackton: in the East.
Timothy Sackton: That fort was taken
Timothy Sackton: in the war in the Great war. and the cloak was never recovered
Timothy Sackton: after that. So it's you know what happened to it since
Timothy Sackton: that that was like the Great One was 200 years ago. little more than 200 years ago from now.
Timothy Sackton: Presumably this wasn't habitable it's, you know. It's too close to
Timothy Sackton: the play glands. It's sort of within the playground, so it wouldn't have been habitable until 20 or 30 years after the Great War. But, like this, could this could be a 100 and 60 year Old Kingdom.
Timothy Sackton: or it could be 10 years. I mean, it's obviously. Yeah, it's obviously been here for more than 10 years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey? Is Kate for everybody like lying in front of the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this is like so awesome. It looks like there's this giant woman like in the landscape, like you know, like you could just you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, why did you move her?
Timothy Sackton: I like the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So we'll stop there and we'll pick up with the orcs on the fourth
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: amazing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: before we go. So April the twentieth is the potential day for a malware.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eric, you and I should meet up and go watch D and D together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eric. You muted.
Eric Rosenbaum: It might be hard to make that happen. We'll see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you? Can Can I come visit you guys? Seriously.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would love to do that, though. Yes, come, come here. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm sure that the Dnd movie will be on stream some streaming service by the summer. We can watch it in New Hampshire.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the best idea, actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: But come, meet easy. That'd be nice. Everybody should come in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: just have to figure out how to get to Jp. From Summer Bell.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not so bad we do that all the time.
Timothy Sackton: It's not that bad.
Timothy Sackton: I we would love to come sometime and meet her, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're
Eric Rosenbaum: We're getting a little more social now. Finally. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how old is she now?
Eric Rosenbaum: She is
Eric Rosenbaum: 7 and a half months or so.